aardvark mhanga
abakofu wazee
Abdullah Abdullah
Abidjan Abidjan
ability uwezo
abort aviya
about kadiri
about ya
about kuhusu
Abraham Abrahamu
Abraham Ibrahimu
abroad ng'ambo
abrupt dharura
absorb kufyonza
abstract ikisiri
abundance wingi
abunuwas abunuwas
abuse tayo
abuse tukano
abyss kuzimu
abyss shimo
acacia mshita
a ai
a asaiberi
a ai
a mwasaiberi
accelerator akselereta
accept kiri
accept sadiki
accident ajali
accomplish timia
accordion harimuni
accordion kodiani
account akaunti
accountant mhasibu
account hazina
account hesabu
Accra Accra
accurate sanifu
accusation madai
accusation mashitaka
accused mshtakiwa
accused washtakiwa
accuser mshtaki
accusers washtaki
ace ree
acknowledge hujumu
a corrupt
a person
a mfisadi
acquaintance rubaa
acre ekari
act igiza
acting uigaji
acting uigizaji
actions matendo
activist mwanaharakati
act kitendo
actor mwigaji
act sehemu
Acts of
Acts the
Acts Apostles
Acts Matendo
Acts ya
Acts Mitume
acts vitendo
act tenda
act tendo
act utendaji
Adam Adamu
Adam's apple
Adam's kikoromeo
adams apple
adams zoloto
addiction uraibu
addict kingwagu
addict mraibu
addicts vingwagu
add ongeza
address anuani
address anwani
Adele Kiadele
adhan adhana
adjectival tashbihi
adjective kiingizi
adjective kivumishi
adjective sifa
adjective tashbihi
administration police
administration askari
administration tawala
admiration abos
admission ruhusa
admission ya
admission kuingia
adultery zinaa
adultery zini
adulthood utu
adulthood uzima
adult mtu
adult mzima
adverb kielezi
adverb kisifa
adverbs vielezi
advice mawaidha
advice ushauri
advice waadhi
adviser mshauri
advisor mshauri
aegis egida
aegis egisi
aeroplane eropleni
aeroplane ndege
a few
a kadha
a few
a uchache
a wa
affixes viambishi
affix kiambishi
Afghani Mwafgani
Afghanistan Afghanistan
Afghanistan afuganistani
Afghanistan Afuganistani
afghanistans wafugani
Afghanis Waafgani
Afghan Mwafugani
a fifth
a humsi
a fool
a hambe
Africa afrika
Africa Afrika
African fish
African eagle
African fukombe
African fish
African eagle
African furukombe
African fish
African eagle
African kwazi
African fish
African eagle
African yowe
African hunting
African dog
African mbwa
African mwitu
African mourning
African dove
African kuyu
African mwafrika
African Mwafrika
Africans Waafrika
African Union
African Umoja
African wa
African Afrika
Afrikaans Kiafrikaans
afrika mwanaafrika
afro sunzu
after baada
afterlife ahera
afterlife akhera
afterlife jongomeo
against dhidi
against dhidi
against ya
against juu
against ya
agate kalkedoni
aged uzee
age hirimu
age miaka
agency uwakala
agenda agenda
agenda ajenda
agent agenti
agent ajenti
agents maajenti
agent wakala
age umri
agitator mchochezi
agitators wachochezi
agony dhiki
agree kubali
agreement agano
agreement maagano
agreement makubaliano
agreement mkataba
agreements maagano
agricultural officer
agricultural bwanashamba
agriculture kilimo
aids ukimwi
AIDS UKIMWI
aid usaidizi
ailment maradhi
aim gharadhi
aim lengo
aim mantiki
aims malengo
air hawa
air hewa
airline kampuni
airline ya
airline ndege
airplane eropleni
airplane ndege
air port
air kiwanja
air ndege
akhirah ahera
a large
a water
a body
a jito
albatross albatrosi
albino albino
albino maalbino
albino zeruzeru
album albamu
alcohol kileo
alcohol pombe
alcohol kali
alert chonjo
alert tahadhari
algebra aljebra
Algeria Algeria
Algeria Aljeria
Algerian Kialjeri
Algerian Kialjeria
Algerian Mwaljeria
Algerians Waaljeria
Algonquin Kialgonkwini
Algonquin Mwalgonkwini
Ali Ali
Alice Elisi
a little
a kidogo
alive hai
alliance fungamano
alligator aligatori
alligator aligeita
allow idhinisha
almond kungu
almond lozi
almond mlozi
almonds makungu
alms sadaka
a lot
a mengi
alot mengi
a lot
a sana
alphabet alfabeti
Alpha Centauri
Alpha Alpha
Alpha Centauri
also pia
altar altare
although ingawa
altitude kimo
aluminium alumini
always mara
always kwa
always mara
always sikuzote
a man
a mwanaume
amaranth rangi
amaranth ya
amaranth amarantho
amazement bumbuazi
amazement butaa
amazement butwaa
ambassador balozi
ambergris ambari
amber kaharabu
ambulance ambyulensi
amen amina
Amerca marekani
America Amerika
America marekiana
American dollars
American dola
American za
American kimarekani
American English
American Kiingereza
American cha
American Kimarekani
American Mmarekani
Americans Wamarekani
American Waamerika
American Wamarekani
Americas Marekani
Americas marekiana
amethyst amethisto
amethyst rangi
amethyst ya
amethyst amethisto
Amharic Kiamhara
a mix
a of
a small
a fish
a chengo
ammount kiwango
among miongoni
among mwa
ampersand ampasendi
amulet hirizi
analog Mfano
anal sex
anal kufira
ancestor mhenga
ancestors wahenga
anchor nanga
ancient a
ancient kale
ancient beer
ancient wanzuki
and na
Andora Andora
Andorran Mwandora
Andorrans Waandora
and so
and forth
and kadhalika
anemia safura
anemone shufari
anemone uapepo
angel malaika
anger ghadhabu
anger ghaidhi
anger hamaki
anger hasira
anger maya
Angola Angola
Angolan Mwangola
Angolans Waangola
animala home
animala faja
animal kinyama
animal mnyama
animals wanyama
animal waste
animal kinyesi
a ninth
a tusui
anklet furungu
anklet kikuku
anklet kugesi
Anna anna
anniversary maadhimisho
anniversary ya
anniversary miaka
anno Domini
anno baada
anno ya
anno Kristo
announcement tangazo
announce tangaza
annoyed udhika
annoy huni
annoy kera
anode anodi
anorexic kifyefye
anorexic vifyefye
another ingine
another ingineo
another nyingine
another one
another kingine
answer jawabu
answer jibu
answers majawabu
answers majibu
antagonism uadui
Antarctica Antaktika
anteater kiharara
anteater loma
antelope kulungu
antelope paa
antelope pala
antelope hala
antelope pofu
antelope swara
anthill kichuguu
ant hill
ant kiduta
anthill kishugu
ant hills
ant viduta
anticipate azimia
Antigua and
Antigua Barbuda
Antigua Antigua
Antigua na
Antigua Barbuda
Antigua Antigua
Antiguan Kiantigua
Antiguan Mwantigua
antler pembe-tawi
ant mchwa
ant msisimizi
ant siafu
ant sisimizi
anus kundu
anus mkundu
anvil baura
anvil fuawe
anxiety kukurukakara
anyhow segemnege
anything kitu
aorta aorta
apartment fleti
apartment ghorofa
a person
a with
a a
a bad
a heart
a tumbojoto
aphrodisiac mkuyati
aphrodisiac rimbwata
Apollo Apolo
apoplexy kiharusi
apostle mtume
Apostle mtume
apparatus zana
appealing wagivu
appeal rufaa
appease afiki
appendix faharasa
appetite ujapongo
apple juice
apple maji
apple ya
apple matofaa
apples matufaha
apple tofaa
apple tree
apple mtofaa
apple tufaha
appoint teuwa
approach karibia
appropriate mwafaka
approximate takriban
apricot aprikoti
april aprili
apron aproni
apron bwelasuti
Aquarius Dalu
Aquarius Ndoo
arab cloak
arab bushuti
Arabian mwaarabu
Arabian Mwaarabu
Arabians Waarabu
Arabian Waarabu
Arabia Uarabuni
arabic kiarabu
Arabic kiarabu
Arabic queen
Arabic malkia
Arabic wa
Arabic kiarabu
Arab Mwamarati
Arab Mwarabu
Arabs Waamarati
arbitration usuluhishi
archaeologist mwanaakiolojia
archaeology akiologia
archaeology akiolojia
archaic dinari
archipelago funguvisiwa
architecture majenzi
architecture ujenzi
area eneo
area janibu
areca mpopoo
Ares Aresi
Argentina Ajentina
Argentina Argentina
Argentinian Kiajentina
Argentinian Mwajentina
Argentinians Waajentina
argument ubishi
Ariadne Ariadina
Ariadne Ariana
Aries Hamali
Aries Kondoo
ark safina
armadillo kakakuona
armed jihami
Armenia Armenia
Armenian Kiarmenia
Armenian Mwarmenia
Armenians Waarmenia
armies majeshi
arm mkono
armor-piercing shot
armor-piercing kaptula
armour dirizi
armpit kwapa
arm pit
arm makwapa
arms mikono
army ant
army siafu
army jeshi
army men
army wanajeshi
army mwanajeshi
arrangement mpangilio
arrangement orodha
arrangements mipangilio
arrangment orohda
arrest kamata
arrest nasa
arrival ujaji
arrogantly shashimamishi
arrow head
arrow chembe
arrow mshale
arrowroot yugwa
arrow sign
arrow alama
arrow ya
arrow mshale
arrow signs
arrow alama
arrow za
arrow mishale
arrow signs
arrow alama
arrow za
arrow mshale
arrows mishale
arrow tora
Artemis Artemi
artery ateri
arthritis jongo
article makala
Artiodactyla Wanyama
Artiodactyla wenye
Artiodactyla kwato
Artiodactyla shufwa
artist mchoraji
artist msanii
artist mwanasanaa
artists wasanii
art sanaa
artwork sanaa
Arusha Arusha
ascend panda
ASEAN ASEAN
ASEAN Umoja
ASEAN wa
ASEAN Nchi
ASEAN za
ASEAN Asia
ASEAN ya
ASEAN Kusini-Mashariki
a seventh
a subui
ashes majivu
ash jivu
ash majivu
Asia asia
Asia Asia
a sixth
a sudusi
askari askari
ask kuomba
ask kuuliza
a spread
a thing
a cheneo
asprin asprini
assessment upimaji
asset mali
ass hole
ass mkundu
asshole m'kundu
ass holes
ass mikundu
assistant msaidizi
assistant naibu
assistants manaibu
assist timirya
associate mshirika
assortment anuwai
assortment mbalimbali
assume dhani
assurance hakikisho
assurity uhakiki
asthma pumu
astrologer mnajimu
astrology falaki
astrology ramli
astrology unajimu
astronaut mwanaanga
a strong
a man
a mbeberu
astronomy falaki
at all
at asilani
a tenth
a ushuri
atheist mkanamungu
atheist mkana
atheist mungu
atheist mkana-mungu
atheist mlahidi
Athena Athena
Athens Athene
a third
a theluthi
a third
a thuluthi
athlete mkimbiaji
athlete mwanariadha
athlete mwana
athlete riadha
athletes wanariadha
athletics riadha
a thousand
a kikwi
at karibu
at na
Atlantic Atlantiki
atlas atlasi
at least
at angalau
atmosphere angahewa
at night
at usiku
atom atomi
at once
at mara
attack vamia
attendance hudhurio
attribute sifa
auctioneer dalali
auction mnada
auction nadi
audience hadhira
August agosti
auk alka
aunt shangazi
Australia Australia
Australian English
Australian Kiingereza
Australian cha
Australian Australia
Australian Mwaustralia
Australians Waaustralia
Australians waustralia
Australian waustralia
Austria Austria
Austrian Mwaustria
Austrians Waaustria
authority mamlaka
author mwandishi
authors waandishi
autobiography tawasifu
automobile gari
automobile motakari
automobile bus
automobile motokaa
automobile motokari
automobile bus
autumn kipindi
autumn cha
autumn bubujiko
autumn majira
autumn ya
autumn pukutiko
autumn vuli
average wastani
aviation elimu
aviation ya
aviation rubani
avocado avocado
avocado mparachichi
avocado Mparachichi
await ngojea
awards matunuku
award tunikwa
award tunuku
award tunzo
awareness uamsho
awl maharazi
axe shoka
axle ekseli
Azerbaijan Azabajani
Azerbaijan Azerbaijan
Azerbaijani Mwazabajani
Azerbaijanis Wawazabajani
Azeri Kiazabaijani
Azeri Kiazeri
Azeri Mwazabaijani
Azeri Mwazeri
Aztec Kiazteki
baboon nyani
baboon sokwe
baby mtoto
baby mtoto
baby mchanga
baby mwana
babysitter mlei
babysitter mlezi
babysitter wa
babysitter muda
babysitter yaya
baby walker
baby kiwambo
baby walkers
baby viwambo
bachelorhood ushababi
bachelor kapera
back mgongo
back of
back the
back head
back kisogo
backs migongo
bacteria bakteria
bacterium bakteria
bad bovu
bad bozu
bad breath
bad kiseyeye
badger melesi
bad intent
bad zuumu
bad mbaya
bad mbi
bad person
bad tumbo
bad joto
bad smell
bad of
bad fishes
bad mavumba
bad smell
bad of
bad fish
bad vumba
bad smell
bad ujaka
bad smell
bad vundo
baganda baganda
bag begi
bag mfuko
bagpipes bagpipes
bagpipes gaida
bags mifuko
Bahamas Bahama
Bahamian Kibahama
Bahamian Mbahama
Bahamians Wabahama
Bahrain Bahareni
Bahrain Bahrain
Bahraini Baharani
Bahraini Kibahareni
Bahraini Mbahareni
baked duff
baked samosa
Baku Baku
balalaika balalaika
balcony roshani
bald kipara
bald vipara
baleen mfupanyangumi
baleen whale
baleen nyangumi
baleen mwenye
baleen mfupanyangumi
ball mpira
balloon mabofu
balloon puto
ballpoint pen
ballpoint kalamu
baloon baluni
baloon kibofu
baloon pulizo
baloon puto
baloons mabaluni
baloons mapulizo
baloons maputo
Bambara Kibambara
bamboo mwanzi
banana mgomba
banana ndizi
banana plant
banana mgomba
banana plants
banana migomba
bandage bendeji
bandage plasta
band bendi
bandit haramia
Bangladesh Bangladesh
Bangladesh Bangladeshi
Bangladeshi Mbangladesh
Bangladeshi Mbangladeshi
Bangladeshi Wabangladeshi
bangle bangili
bangles mabangili
banjo banjo
banjo zeze
banjo la
banjo kizungu
bank account
bank akaunti
bank ya
bank benki
bank benki
banknote mwsada
banknote noti
banner bango
banquet hafla
bantu bantu
bantu kibantu
banyan baniani
baobab mbuyu
baptizm ubatizo
Barack Obama
Barack Barrack
Barack Obama
bar baa
Barbadian Kibabadosi
Barbadian Mbabadosi
Barbadians Wababadosi
Barbados Babadosi
Barbados Barbados
barber kinyozi
barbet zuakulu
barbet zuwakulu
bark gome
barley shayiri
barn owl
barn babewana
barn owl
barn bundi
barrel pipa
barrenness utasa
barrier buye
barrier kikingio
barrier kizuizi
barriers vizuizi
Bartok makaloyo
bartoks makalio
baseball besiboli
base uanzishaji
basin beseni
basin besheni
basin karai
basket ball
basket mpira
basket wa
basket kikapu
basketball mpira
basketball wa
basketball kikapu
basketball teams
basketball timu
basketball za
basketball basketiboli
basketball team
basketball timu
basketball ya
basketball basketiboli
basketball union
basketball shirikisho
basketball la
basketball basketiboli
basket kapu
basket kikapu
baskets vikapu
bassoon basuni
bateleur pungu
bateleurs mapungu
bath bafu
bathe kuoga
bathe oga
bathroom bafu
bat popo
battery betri
battle field
battle medani
battle fields
battle mamedani
battle vita
bay gal
bay pilipili
bay hoho
bay ghuba
Bay of
Bay Bengal
Bay Ghuba
Bay ya
Bay Bungala
bayonet singe
bazaar soko
beach crab
beach kururu
beach pwani
beach ufuo
beach wangwa
beads worn
beads on
beads womens
beads waist
beads utunda
beak mdomo
beam boriti
bean haragwe
bean maharagwe
beans maharagwe
beard ndevu
beast mnyama
beast nunda
beat chapa
beat charaza
beaten shindwa
beaten zabwa
beat piga
beautiful girl
beautiful kipusa
beautiful ladies
beautiful vipusa
beautiful ladies
beautiful warembo
beautiful lady
beautiful mrembo
beautiful zuri
beauty competition
beauty mashindano
beauty ya
beauty urembo
beauty jamala
beauty urembo
beauty uzuri
beaver biva
because of
because kwa
because ajili
because ya
bedbug kunguni
bedings malazi
bedings tandiko
bed kitanda
bedroom chumba
bedroom cha
bedroom kulala
bedroom pakulalia
bedsheet shuka
beds vitanda
beech mfune
beef nyama
beef ya
beef ng'ombe
beehive mzinga
bee nyuki
beer bia
beer pombe
beetle mende
beet roots
beet matini
beet root
beet tini
beetroot tini
befool pumbaza
before awali
before kabla
before mbele
beggar mwombaji
beggary ufukara
begin anza
begining alfa
beg sihi
behalf niaba
behaviour tabia
behind nyuma
being mean
being ubanifu
being respectful
being adhimu
being respectful
being akrama
be kuwa
Belarus Belarusi
Belarusian Kibelarus
Belarusian Kibelorusia
beleiver mcha
beleiver mungu
beleivers wacha
beleivers mungu
Belgian Mbelgiji
Belgians Wabelgiji
Belgium Ubelgiji
believer muumini
believers waumini
Belizean Kibelize
Belizean Mbelize
Belizeans Wabelize
Belize Belize
belle kidosho
bell kengele
bells makengele
Belorussian Mbelarusi
Belorussians Wabelarusi
below chini
belt mkanda
belt mshipi
belts mikanda
belts mishipi
bench fomu
bend inama
bend kota
bend kunja
bend kuruba
bend mwinamo
bend pinda
bends makota
bends miinamo
benefit manufaa
Bengal Bungala
Bengal fox
Bengal mbweha
Bengal wa
Bengal Bungala
Bengali kibengali
Bengali Kibengali
Bengali Mbengali
Bengal tiger
Bengal chui-milia
Bengal wa
Bengal Bungala
Benin Benini
Beninese Mbenini
Beninese Wabenini
be responsible
be wajibika
Berlin Berlin
Berlin Wall
Berlin ukuta
Berlin wa
Berlin Berlin
beryllium berili
beryl rangi
beryl ya
beryl zabarajadi
beryl zabarajadi
besides aidha
bestfriend rafiki
bestfriend wa
bestfriend dhati
be surfeited
be kinai
betel nut
betel popoo
betel palm
betel mpopoo
Bethlehem Bethlehemu
betrayal usaliti
betrayal utimbakwiri
betray saliti
be troubled
be gaya
better bora
between baina
beverage kinywaji
bewail ombolezea
bewitch roga
bhang bangi
bhang ganja
Bhutan Butani
Bhutanese Kibutani
Bhutanese Mbutani
Bhutanese Wabutani
bible Biblia
Bible Biblia
Bible Neno
Bible la
Bible Mungu
bicycle baisikeli
bicycle baiskeli
bicycle baiskili
bidder mzabuni
bier jeneza
big cooking
big pan
big degi
big kubwa
big mkubwa
big pevu
big rat
big buku
big tree
big bobo
bile nyongo
bill ankra
bill bili
billion bilioni
bill mswada
bill mwsada
billy goat
billy beberu
billygoat beberu
bin jaa
biography wasifu
biology biolojia
biology elimuviumbe
birch mbetula
birch ubao
birch wa
birch mbetula
birdlime ulimbo
bird ndege
bird nyuni
birthday siku
birthday ya
birthday uzalishi
birthing clothes
birthing mikaja
birthing cloth
birthing mkaja
birth kuzaa
birth zaa
birth zaliw
birth zaliwa
biscuit biskuti
bisector mchinjio
bisector kati
bisectors michinjio
bisectors kati
bishop askofu
bishop chekechea
bison baisani
bison baisani
bison wa
bison Marekani
bit charaza
bite mdundo
bite uma
bittern vumatiti
blackberry forosadi
blackberry nyeusi
blackcurrant mtunda
blackcurrant bukini
blackcurrant mweusi
blackcurrant tunda
blackcurrant bukini
blackcurrant jeusi
black eusi
black-eyed pea
black-eyed mkunde
black-eyed pea
black-eyed ukunde
Black Forest
Black Msitu
Black Mweusi
black hole
black shimo
black jeusi
black jaa
black jack
black kichomanguo
black jacks
black vichomanguo
black magic
black mazingaombwe
black mweusi
black nightshade
black mnafu
black nightshade
black mnavu
black nyeusi
black pepper
black pilipili
black manga
Black Sea
Black Bahari
Black Nyeusi
blacksmith mhunzi
black weusi
bladder kibofu
bladders vibofu
Blanche Blanchi
blanket blanketi
blasphemy kufuru
blast kilipuzi
blessing baraka
blind kipofu
blindness upofu
blockage mzibo
block brackets
block mabano
block ya
block mraba
blogger mwanablogu
blood damu
blood money
blood diya
bloodsucker mnyonya-damu
blow panchi
blueberry beri
blueberry ya
blueberry buluu
blueberry buluuberi
blueberry mbuluuberi
blueberry rangi
blueberry ya
blueberry buluuberi
blue bluu
blue buluu
blue monkey
blue kima
blue samawati
blunt butu
board abiri
board bao
board bodi
board game
board bao
board halmashauri
boards mabao
boat boti
boat chombo
boat dau
boat mashua
bodies miili
bodies viwiliwili
body cells
body chembechembe
body za
body mwili
body hair
body laika
body kiwiliwili
body mwili
body temperature
body mwako
body temperatures
body miako
Boer Kaburu
boil chemka
boil chemsha
boiled maize
boiled and
boiled beans
boiled pure
boil jipu
boil lengelenge
boils majipu
boil uvimbe
Bolivia Bolivia
Bolivian Kibolivia
Bolivian Mbolivia
Bolivians Wabolivia
bolt bolti
bomb bomu
bon app
bon tit
bon karibu
bon chakula
bond fungo
bone mfupa
bones mafupa
bones mifupa
bonnet boneti
bonus bonasi
bon voyage
bon safari
bon njema
book kitabu
bookshop duka
bookshop la
bookshop vitabu
books vitabu
book vitabu
boot buti
border mpaka
boring stuff
boring bughudha
born cancer
born saratani
born ya
born mfupa
boron boroni
borough manispaa
Bosnia and
Bosnia Herzegovina
Bosnia Bosnia
Bosnia na
Bosnia Herzegovina
Bosnia and
Bosnia Hezegovina
Bosnia Bosnia
Bosnia na
Bosnia Hezegovina
Bosnian Mbosnia
Bosnians Wabosnia
Bosphorus Bosporus
boss bwana
boss kigogo
botany botania
botany elimumime
bother kero
Botswana Botswana
Botswanan Mbotswana
Botswanan Mtswana
Botswanans Wabotswana
bottle chupa
bottom msenge
boundaries mipaka
boundary mpaka
Bovidae familia
Bovidae ya
Bovidae ng'ombe
bowl bakuli
bowl cut
bowl bakuli
bow mata
bowsprit dasturi
bow upinde
bow uta
boxer bondia
boxer mwanamasumbwi
boxers mabondia
boxing ndondi
box sanduku
boyfriend girlfriend
boyfriend azizi
boyfriend mpenzi
boy ghulamu
boy kijana
boy mvulana
boys wavulana
braid suka
brain akili
brain bongo
brain ubongo
bra kanchiri
branches matawi
branches vitanzu
branch mlango
branch tanzu
branch tawi
brandy brandi
brandy piwa
bra sindiria
brassiere sidiria
brave jasiri
bravery ujasiri
brawn akili
Brazil Brazili
Brazilian Kibrazili
Brazilian Mbrazili
Brazilian Portuguese
Brazilian Kireno
Brazilian cha
Brazilian Kibrazili
Brazilians Wabrazili
bread boflo
bread chapati
bread kipande
bread cha
bread mkate
bread mkate
bread mkati
bread riziki
breads mikate
break chenji
break down
break mnyambuo
break downs
break minyambuo
breakfast chakula
breakfast cha
breakfast asubuhi
breakfast chamshakinywa
breakfast kiamshakinywa
breakfast kiamsha
breakfast kinywa
breakfast staftahi
break kuvunja
break kuvunjika
break law
break kiuka
break off
break mega
break one's
break fast
break fungua
break kinywa
break pumziko
break vunja
breast cancer
breast saratani
breast ya
breast titi
breast kifua
breastplate kinga
breastplate ya
breastplate kifuani
breasts matiti
breast titi
breathe hema
breath pumzi
breeder kiangulio
brew chebuka
bribe chai
bribe chauchau
bribe chirimiri
bribe honga
bribe hongo
bribe kiinikizo
bribe mulungula
bribe mvugulio
bribe viinua
bribe migongo
bride biarusi
bride biharusi
bride bi
bride harusi
bridegroom bwana
bridegroom arusi
bride groom
bride bwana
bride harusi
bridegroom bwana
bridegroom harusi
bride price
bride mahari
bridge daraja
bridge kipandio
bridges madaraja
brim fara
brim ukingo
bring down
bring bomoa
bring kuleta
bring leta
Britain Briteni
britain uigereza
British English
British Kiingereza
British cha
British Uingereza
broadsword upanga
broadsword mpana
broke msoto
broker madalali
broker udalali
brook kijito
broom kifagio
brooms vifagio
broom ufagio
brothel dangro
brothel danguro
brothel madangro
brothel madanguro
brother ahi
brother kaka
brother ndugu
brown hudhurungi
brown kahawia
bruise chubuko
Bruneian Kibrunei
Bruneian Mbrunei
Bruneians Wabrunei
Brunei Brunei
brush brashi
brush burashi
Brussels Brussels
brutal makatili
brutalty ukatili
brute nunda
bucket ndoo
bucket zela
Buddhism Ubudha
Buddhist Kibudha
Buddhist Mbudha
budget bajeti
budgets mabajeti
buffalo mbogo
buffalo nyati
Buffalo nyumbu
buffet maankuli
bugle buruji
builder mjengaji
builder mjenzi
building jenga
building jengo
buildings majengo
build kujenga
bulb glopu
bulbul shore
bulbuls mashore
Bulgaria Bulgaria
Bulgarian Kibulgaria
Bulgarian Mbulgaria
Bulgarians Wabulgaria
bulgy mkoba
bullet risasi
bull fahali
bull nzao
bulls manzao
bunch bunda
bunch chane
bunches mafungu
bunches michane
bunches vichane
bunch fungu
bunch kichane
bundle bandali
bundle furusha
bundle furushi
bundle furusi
bundle kifurushi
bundle kitita
bundles mafurushi
bung kizibo
buoy boya
burden mzigo
burial ceremonies
burial sherehe
burial za
burial matanga
burial ceremony
burial sherehe
burial ya
burial matanga
burial mazishi
burial mziko
Burkanabe Mbukinafaso
Burkanabe Wabukinafaso
Burkina Faso
Burkina Bukinafaso
Burma Bama
Burma Myama
Burmese Myamari
Burmese Wayamari
burn choma
burnt forest
burnt chenge
Burundian Mrundi
Burundians Warundi
Burundi Burundi
bus basi
bush babies
bush makomba
bush baby
bush komba
bushbuck kulungu
bushbuck mbawala
bushbuck pongo
bushes vichaka
bush kichaka
business biashara
business card
business kadi
business kazi
business license
business leseni
business ya
business biashara
business licenses
business leseni
business za
business biashara
business people
business wanabiashara
business permit
business ilani
business ya
business biashara
business person
business mfanyibiashara
business person
business mwanabiashara
business persons
business wafanyibiashara
busy bizi
but bali
butcher mchinjaji
butcher's knife
butcher's buchari
but lakini
butterfly kipepeo
butterfly stroke
butterfly kipepeo
butter siagi
butt matako
buttock makaliyo
buttocks matako
buttock tako
button kitufe
buttons vitufe
but walakini
buyer mnunuzi
buy kununua
buy nunua
by chance
by kwa
by nasibu
by choice
by hiari
by choice
by ridhaa
by force
by kwazima
Byzantine Empire
Byzantine Ufalme
Byzantine wa
Byzantine Byzantini
cabbage kabichi
cabinet kabati
cactus cactus
caeropractor mhazigi
caf mkahawa
cafeteria kafeteria
cafeteria mikahawa
cafeteria mkahawa
cafeterias makafeteria
cafeterias mikahawa
cake keki
calabash buyu
calabashes mabuyu
calabash mabuyu
calabash mbuyu
calcium kalisiamu
calendar kalenda
calender kalenda
calenders makalenda
calf ndama
calico kaniki
calling mwito
calling wito
call kilio
call kuita
call kupiga
call simu
call mwito
calm shwari
calm utulivu
calvary kalivari
Cambodia Kamboja
camel bairi
Camelidae familia
Camelidae ya
Camelidae ngamia
camel jamali
camel ngamia
camels mabairi
camels mangamia
camera kamera
cameras makamera
Cameroonian Mkameruni
Cameroonians Wakameruni
Cameroon Kameruni
campaign kampeni
camphor kafuri
camp kambi
Canada Kanada
Canadian Kiingereza
Canadian cha
Canadian Kanada
Canadian Kikanada
Canadian Mkanada
Canadians Wakanada
canal mfereji
canary chiriku
cancel ghairi
Cancer Kaa
cancer kansa
cancer saratani
Cancer Saratani
candidate mgombezi
candidates wagombezi
candle kandili
candle mshumaa
candlenut tree
candlenut mkaka
candlenut trees
candlenut mikaka
candles makandili
candles mishumaa
cane fimbo
cane kiboko
cane mmea
canes viboko
cane ufito
Canidae familia
Canidae ya
Canidae mbwa
Caniformia Wanyama
Caniformia kama
Caniformia mbwa
can kopo
cannon mzinga
cannot but
cannot siwezi
cannot lakini
canoe mtumbwi
canoes mitumbwi
canon kanoni
canteen kantini
canteens makantini
cape gooseberry
cape kepguzbari
Cape of
Cape Good
Cape Hope
Cape Rasi
Cape ya
Cape Tumaini
Cape Jema
cape rasi
Cape Verdean
Cape Kikepuvede
Cape Verdean
Cape Mkepuvede
Cape Verdeans
Cape Wakepuvede
Cape Verde
Cape Kepuvede
capital cities
capital miji
capital mikuu
capital city
capital mji
capital mkuu
capitalism ubepari
capitalist bepari
capitalists mabepari
capital mtaji
cap kofia
Capricorn Jadi
Capricorn Mbuzi
caps makofia
captain amrisha
captain jemedari
captain kapteni
captain kiranja
captain nahodha
captains majemedari
captains makapteni
captain unahodha
capture nasa
Capuchin Mkapuchini
caramel karmeli
carbohydrate hamirojo
carbohydrate kabohidrati
carbon kaboni
carburetor kabureta
carcases mizoga
carcasses majifu
carcass jifu
carcass kirimba
carcass mzoga
carcass zoga
cardinal kadinoli
cardinal kardinali
cardinals makadinoli
card kadi
cards kadi
cards makadi
carefully taratibu
caress dara
caress papasa
care tunza
care utunzi
car gari
cargo kago
cargo shehena
cargos makago
Caribbean Islands
Caribbean Visiwa
Caribbean vya
Caribbean Karibiani
Caribbean Karibiani
Caribbean Kikaribiani
car motokaa
carnelian akiki
carnivore mla-nyama
car patrol
car gari
car la
car doria
car patrols
car magari
car ya
car doria
carpenter seremala
carpenters maseremala
carpentry useremala
carpet zulia
carriage behewa
Carribean Mkaribiani
Carribeans Wakaribiani
carrier mchukuzi
carrot cake
carrot keki
carrot ya
carrot karoti
carrot karoti
carry beba
cars magari
Carthage Karthago
cartilage gegedu
cart mkokoteni
cartoon katuni
cartoon kibonzo
cart rukwama
carts mikokoteni
case kesi
cashew mkorosho
cashew nut
cashew korosho
cashier keshia
cash keshi
cash service
cash huduma
cash ya
cash pesa
cash services
cash huduma
cash za
cash pesa
casino kasino
cassava mhogo
cassava muhogo
cassette kaseti
cassettes makaseti
cassowary kasowari
cast kandika
Catalan Kikatalan
catalogue katalogi
catch daka
catechism katekisimu
catechist katekista
caterpillar kiwavi
caterpillars viwavi
catfish kabare
cat fish
cat kambare
cathode kathodi
Catholicism Ukatoliki
Catholic katoliki
Catholic Mkatoliki
catholic woman
catholic mama
catholic katoliki
cattle egret
cattle yangeyange
cattle ng'ombe
cat translations
cat paka
cauliflower koliflawa
cauliflower mkoliflawa
cause chanzo
cavity susa
cease acha
cedar mwerezi
ceiling dari
celebration sherehe
celebration tafrija
celery figili
celery mwitu
cell mbaroni
cello chelo
cell seli
cells maseli
cement sementi
cement simiti
census sensa
centaur kentauro
centimeter sentimita
centimeters masentimita
centimetre sentimeta
centimetre sentimita
centipede tandu
Central African
Central Republic
Central Jamhuri
Central ya
Central Afrika
Central ya
Central Kati
central bank
central benki
central kuu
central katikati
cent senti
century karne
Cerberus Serbero
cereal nafaka
Ceres Seresi
certain fulani
certainity uhakika
certainly maalum
certainty bainisha
certainty hakika
certain yakini
certificate cheti
certificate hati
certificate shahada
certificates vyeti
Cervidae familia
Cervidae ya
Cervidae kulungu
Chad Chadi
Chadian Mchadi
Chadians Wachadi
chaff kapi
chaff makapi
chaff wishwa
chain bangili
chain kidani
chain mikufu
chain mkufu
chains mikufu
chain ushanga
chair kiti
chairman mwenyekiti
chairperson kinara
chairperson mwenyekiti
chairs viti
chakacha chakacha
chalcedony kalkedoni
chalk chaki
chalks machaki
challenge changa
challenge moto
challenges changa
challenges moto
chameleon kigeugeu
chameleon kinyonga
chameleon lumbwi
champion bingwa
champion championi
champions mabingwa
champions machampioni
chance nafasi
change badili
change badiliko
change badilisha
change chenji
change geuko
change geuzo
change mabadiliko
change mabaliko
changes mabadiliko
changes mageuko
changes mageuzo
chaos kesheshe
chaos rabsha
chapati chapati
chapel chapeli
chapter faslu
chapter sura
character sifa
charcoal kaa
charcoal makaa
charcoal stove
charcoal jiko
charge chaji
charge kabili
charge shtaka
charges mashtaka
chart chati
Charybdis Kharibdi
chase kimbiza
chaste tree
chaste mti
chaste safi
cheat ghururi
cheat hadaa
cheek shavu
cheerful damisi
cheers afya
cheers maisha
cheers marefu
cheers vifijo
cheesecake keki
cheesecake ya
cheesecake jibini
cheese chizi
cheese jibini
cheese samli
cheetah duma
chemical kemikali
chemist mwanakemia
chemistry kemia
cheque cheki
cheques macheki
cheques mahundi
Cherokee Kicherokii
Cherokee Mcherokii
cherry cheri
cherry mcheri
cherry rangi
cherry ya
cherry cheri
chess chesi
chess sataranji
chest cavities
chest vifuani
chest cavity
chest kifuani
chest kifua
chestnut aramoni
chestnut tree
chestnut mwaramoni
Chicago Chicago
Chicago chichago
Chichewa Kinyanja
chicken kuku
chicken louse
chicken utitiri
chicken nyama
chicken ya
chicken kuku
chicken pox
chicken choa
chickenpox surua
chicken pox
chicken tetekuwanga
chick kifaranga
chief chifu
chief jumbe
chiefs machifu
chifu chifu
childhood uana
childhood utoto
child mtoto
child mwana
child mzawa
child out
child of
child wedlock
child mwanaharamu
children home
children makaazi
children ya
children mtoto
children wana
children watoto
children wazawa
Chilean Kichile
Chilean Mchile
Chileans Wachile
Chile Chile
chili pili
chili pili
chilli basbasi
chimney dohani
chimpanzee sokwe
chimpanzee mtu
China uchina
Chinese chakula
Chinese cha
Chinese kichina
chinese kichina
Chinese Kichina
Chinese Mchina
chinese person
chinese mchina
chin kidevu
chin tawa
chipboard chipubodi
chips chipsi
chisel patasi
chisoko masoko
chital chitali
chlamydia klamidia
chloroplast chembeumbijani
chocolate chokoleti
chocolate rangi
chocolate ya
chocolate chokoleti
choice chaguo
choir kwaya
choirs makwaya
cholera kipindupindu
cholera waba
chosen one
chosen mteule
Christianity Ukristo
Christian kikristo
Christian Kikristo
christian mkristo
Christian Mkristo
christian mkristu
christians kanisa
christians wakristo
christians wakristu
christ kristo
Christ Kristo
christmas krismasi
Christmas Krismasi
chromosome chembeuzi
chrysoprase krisopraso
chums mazingaumbwa
churches makanisa
church kanisa
church leaders
church viongozi
church wa
church dini
Church of
Church Jesus
Church Christ
Church of
Church Latter-day
Church Saints
Church Kanisa
Church La
Church Yesu
Church Kristo
Church la
Church Watakatifu
Church wa
Church Siku
Church za
Church Mwisho
Chuukese kichuuk
cigarette sigara
cigarrette sigara
Cinderella Bibi
Cinderella Majivu
cinema sinema
cinemas masinema
circle duara
circular object
circular peteo
circumcise tairi
circumcision tohara
cities majiji
citizen mwananchi
citizen raia
citizenship uraia
citizens wananchi
city council
city baraza
city la
city jiji
city councils
city mabaraza
city ya
city jiji
city jiji
city mji
civet ngawa
civet zabadi
claim dai
clamp kulabu
clamp mbano
clamps makulabu
clamps mibano
clarification yakin
clarinet nzumari
class darasa
classroom darasa
classrooms madarasa
clavicle mtulinga
claw kucha
cleaner msafishaji
cleaner mwoshaji
cleaners wasafishaji
cleaning usafishaji
cleanliness usafi
clean nadhifu
clean safi
clean safisha
clear bayana
cleaver pambazua
clerk karani
clerk's job
clerk's ukatibu
clerks makarani
clever erevu
clever mwerevu
climate change
climate mabadiliko
climate ya
climate anga
climate tabianchi
climb kwea
climb panda
clinic kliniki
clitoris kinembe
clitoris vinembe
cloaca kiloaka
clock face
clock bonyeza
clock saa
close eyes
close fumba
close funga
close fungu
clothing libasi
clothing mavazi
clothing nguo
cloth kitambaa
cloth nguo
cloth vazi
clouded leopard
clouded chui-mawingu
clouds mawingu
cloud uwingu
cloud wingu
cloudy utusitusi
clove karafuu
clown kalulu
clown mcheshi
club kilabu
club klabu
club pau
club rungu
clubs karanga
clubs mavi
clubs ya
clubs mbuzi
clubs pao
clubs vilabu
clump of
clump long
clump grass
clump vue
clutch klachi
coach driver
coach saisi
coaches makocha
coach kocha
coachman saisi
coachmen masaisi
coach mkufunzi
coast mapwa
coast mapwaji
coast puani
coast pwani
coast ufuko
coat koti
coat of
coat arms
coat nembo
coats makoti
cockerel jimbi
cockerels majimbi
cockpit dungu
cockroaches makombamwiko
cockroach kombamwiko
cockroach mende
coconut dafu
coconut husk
coconut kozi
coconut milk
coconut kasimile
coconut milk
coconut tui
coconut nazi
coconut palm
coconut mnazi
coconut residue
coconut chicha
coconut water
coconut maji
coconut ya
coconut madafu
coesalphinia boardcella
coesalphinia mkomwe
coffe berry
coffe disease
coffe chelebuni
coffee berry
coffee buni
coffee kahawa
coffee mbuni
coffee mkahawa
coffee plant
coffee mbuni
coffee mmea
coffee pot
coffee dele
coffin jeneza
coffin kifua
cohesion mshikamano
cohesions mishikamano
coin sarafu
cola mkola
cold baridi
cold mafua
collaboration kolabo
collaborations makolabo
collapse zirai
collar kola
collars kosi
collar ukosi
collateral dhamana
collection biganya
Colombia Kolombia
Colombian Kikolombia
Colombian Mkolombia
Colombians Wakolombia
colon alama
colon ya
colon mkato
colonialism beberu
colonialism ukoloni
colonialist beberu
colonialist mkoloni
colonialists wakoloni
colon koloni
colon nukta
colon mbili
colorful ya
colorful rangi
colorful nyingi
color michezo
color rangi
colour rangi
combat mashindano
comb kichana
comb kitana
comedian chale
comedians machale
comedians machali
come kuja
comesa markets
comesa masoko
comesa ya
comesa comesa
comesa market
comesa soko
comesa la
comesa comesa
comfort starehe
comitments shuguli
comma alama
comma ya
comma mkato
comma koma
command amri
commander in
commander chief
commander of
commander the
commander armed
commander forces
commander amiri
commander jeshi
commander mkuu
commander kamanda
commanders makamanda
commandment kanuni
commemoration adhimisho
commemorations maadhimisho
commerce biashara
commissioner kamishna
commissioners makamishna
commission kodi
commission kodisha
commission tume
commitment jizatiti
commitment ziara
committee kamati
committee kamitii
common sense
common akili
communication mawasiliano
communication mawasiyano
communism ukomunisti
communist mkomunisti
communist mpinduzi
communist ukomunisti
communities majumuiya
community jamaa
community jamii
community jumuia
community jumuiya
Comoran Mngazija
Comorans Wangazija
Comorian Kikomoro
Comorian Kingazija
Comorian Mkomoro
Comorian Mngazija
Comoros Islands
Comoros Visiwa
Comoros vya
Comoros Ngazija
Comoros Visiwa
Comoros vya
Comoros Komoro
Comoros Visiwa
Comoros vya
Comoros Ngazija
companies makampuni
companion rafiki
company kampuni
compare linganisha
compass bikari
compass bikeri
compass dira
compassion huruma
compassion rehema
compete wania
competitor mshindani
complainant mlalamishi
complainants walalamishi
complain lalamika
complain lalamishi
complain risala
complaint lalamiko
complaint lawama
complaint manung'uniko
complaints malalamiko
complaints malawama
complain uzushi
complete kamili
complicated kingwangwa
composition insha
composition mtungo
computer karakilishi
computer kompiyuta
computer kompyuta
computer tarakilishi
comrade ndugu
comrade rafiki
concealers mapatano
conceal ficha
concede kai
conclution afikiwa
concubine suria
condemnation shutuma
condemn kashfu
condemn kemea
condensed milk
condensed kufupishwa
condensed maziwa
condolence fariji
condolesense rambirambi
condom kondomu
condom ndomu
conductor kondakta
conductors makondakta
conductor taniboi
conductor utingo
conference mjadala
confession maungamo
confession uungamaji
confidant sahibu
conflict malumbano
confrontation karipio
confrontation pambano
confuse kanganya
confusion zahimu
Congo Jamhuri
Congo ya
Congo Kidemokrasia
Congo ya
Congo Kongo
Congo Jamhuri
Congo ya
Congo Kongo
Congo Kongo
Congolese Kikongo
Congolese Mkongo
Congolese Wakongo
congratulate heko
congratulation hongera
congregation halaiki
conjunction kiunganishi
con people
con matapeli
con person
con tapeli
consciousness fahamu
consequences athari
conserve ifadhi
consonant konsonanti
constellation kundinyota
constipation vimbizi
constituency eneo
constituency bunge
constitutional changes
constitutional mabadiliko
constitutional ya
constitutional kikatiba
constitutional law
constitutional sheria
constitutional ya
constitutional kikatiba
constitutional lawyer
constitutional wakili
constitutional wa
constitutional katiba
constitution katiba
constructed language
constructed lugha
constructed ya
constructed kuundwa
consultation mashauriano
contempt apua
contents yaliyomo
contestants washindani
contest mashindano
contest shindana
contest shindano
contests mashindano
continent bara
continent Bara
continue endelea
contract kandarasi
contract kibarua
contract makandarasi
contractor akidu
contractors maakidu
contracts makandarasi
controller mdhabiti
controllers wadhabiti
contruction worker
contruction mjengaji
convent konventi
conversation mazungumzo
cooked rice
cooked wali
cookery upikaji
cookery upishi
cookie biskuti
cooking mapishi
cooking pot
cooking sufuria
cooking stick
cooking mwiko
cook kupika
cook mpishi
cooks wapishi
cook wapishi
copper shaba
copra nguta
copy nakala
cor anglais
cor baragumu
cor ya
cor kiingereza
core wife
core mke
core mwenza
Corinthians Wakorintho
Corinthians Wakorinto
cork kizibo
corner kick
corner kona
corner kona
cornet tarumbeta
cornet ndogo
corpse maiti
corpse mfu
corpses wafu
correction marekebisho
correct timamu
corruption ufisadi
corrupt paramidi
Costa rica
Costa Kostarika
Costa Rica
Costa Kostarika
Costa Rican
Costa Kikostarika
Costarican Mkostarika
Costa Rican
Costa Mkostarika
Costaricans Wakostarika
cost gharama
cost gharimu
cost of
cost living
cost gharama
cost ya
cost maisha
costume maleba
C te
C d'Ivoire
C Kodivaa
cotton pamba
cotton plant
cotton mpamba
cotton plants
cotton mipamba
couch kochi
cougar puma
cough kikohozi
cough kohoa
cough kohozi
coughs vikohozi
coulitions miuungano
council baraza
council kikao
councils mabaraza
counterfeit baindi
counterfeit bandia
country -a
country kimashamba
country currency
country faranga
country mashamba
country mashambani
country nchi
country shamba
countryside shamba
coupon kuponi
courage udjasiri
courage ujasiri
course kozi
court korti
court kortini
court kotini
court mahakama
court mahakamani
court order
court agizo
court la
court mahakama
court orders
court maagizo
court ya
court mahakama
courtship utongozaji
court tongoza
cousin binamu
cover sitiri
coward chuchu
cowardice uoga
cow bakari
cow dung
cow mavi
cow ya
cow ngombe
cow dung
cow samadi
co-wife mke
co-wife mwenza
cow ngombe
cow ng'ombe
cow peas
cow kunde
cow pen
cow chaa
cow pens
cow machaa
cow pens
cow mazeriba
cow pen
cow zeriba
cowries makululu
cowry kauri
cowry kululu
cowry shell
cowry simbi
cracks nyufa
crack ufa
cranberry juice
cranberry maji
cranberry ya
cranberry kranberi
cranberry kranberi
cranberry mkranberi
crane jeki
crane kinyavu
crane korongo
cranes majeki
crane songeza
cranes vinyavu
crate sanduku
crave tamani
craving utashi
crawl tambaa
crazy kichaa
crease kunjo
crease mkunjo
creases mikunjo
create umba
creation kiumbe
creations viumbe
creature kiumbe
credit crunch
credit shida
credit za
credit kifedha
credit deni
creditor mdai
creditor mkopeshaji
creditors wadai
creole krioli
crested guineafowl
crested kororo
cricket chenene
cricket kriketi
crime jinai
crime uhalifu
criminal mhalifu
criminal mkora
criminals wahalifu
crisis zahama
crisps kaukau
critical condition
critical mahututi
Croasian Mkorasia
Croatia Korasia
Croatian Kikroashia
Croatians Wakorasia
crocodile mamba
crocodile ngwena
crocus karkomu
cronic disease
cronic chamko
Cronus Krono
crosses misalaba
cross eye
cross kengeza
cross misalaba
cross msalaba
crowd umati
crow kunguru
crowned hornbill
crowned kwembe
crowned hornbill
crowned kwembekwembe
crown kirauni
crowns mataji
crowns matiara
crown taji
crown tiara
crow wika
crucify sulubisha
cruel dhalimu
cruel person
cruel mkatili
crumbs chembelele
crust koko
crutch gwato
cry kiliyo
cry lia
crystal fuwele
Cuba Kuba
Cuban Kikuba
Cuban Mkuba
Cubans Wakuba
cuckoo kekeo
culture utamaduni
cumin jira
cumin mjira
cunning kichinichini
cunning mjanja
cupboard kabati
cupboards makabati
cupcake keki
cupcake za
cupcake vikombe
cup kikombe
cup kombe
cups vikombe
cure tiba
curlew kipila
currcumser mkereketaji
currency exchange
currency ubadilishaji
currency sarafu
currency fulusi
current kisasa
current mkondo
curry bizari
curse apizo
curse chira
cursed kid
cursed harasi
curse laana
curse laani
curses malaana
curtain pazia
custom ada
custom desturi
customer care
customer mhudumu
customer mteja
customers wateja
customer wateja
custom forodha
custom testuri
cut kata
cut kukata
cutlass mundu
cyan cyan
cycling baiskeli
cyclone saikloni
cyclops siklopsi
cylinder kuru
cylinder mche
cypress mvinje
Cypriot Msaiprasi
Cypriots Wasaiprasi
Cyprus Saiprasi
Czech cheki
Czechia Ucheki
Czech Kicheki
Czech Mcheki
Czechoslovakia Chekoslovakia
Czecho-Slovakia Cheko-Slovakia
Czechoslovakia Uchekoslovaki
Czecho-Slovakia Ucheko-Slovaki
Czech Republic
Czech Jamhuri
Czech ya
Czech Ucheki
Czech Republic
Czech Ucheki
Czech Wacheki
daffodil nasisa
dagger jambia
dagger nyambuo
dagger ukengee
daily bread
daily riziki
daily kila
daily siku
dairy shajara
daisy jaja
dam lambo
dance cheza
dance ngoma
dance dansi
dance demka
dance densi
dance lelemama
dance ngoma
dandruff mba
Dane Mdeni
Dane Wadeni
danger hatari
dangerous hatari
Danish Kideni
Danish Kidenishi
danish kidenmark
Danish Mdeni
Danish Wadeni
Dar es
Dar Salaam
Dar Dar
Dar es
Dar Salaam
dare thubutu
dark giza
dark red
dark nyekundu
dark iliyokoza
Darsalam Darisaalam
dassie kwanga
dassie pelele
date palm
date mtende
date tarehe
date tende
dating kuchumbiana
Datooga Mmang'ati
Datooga Mtaturu
daughter binti
David Daudi
dawn alfajiri
dawn mapambazuko
day after
day tomorrow
day kesho
day kutwa
day before
day yesterday
day juzi
day break
day pambazuko
day mchana
day siku
deacon shemasi
dead animal
dead nyamafu
deaf kiziwi
deafness uziwi
deal dili
dear gali
death announcement
death habari
death za
death tanzia
death hilaki
death kifo
death mauti
deaths vifo
death tanzia
debate mdahalo
debates midahalo
debit dhima
debt deni
debtor mdaiwa
debtor mdeni
debtor mwiwa
debtors wadaiwa
debtors waiwa
decade muungo
decade mwongo
december desemba
december disemba
decimal miongo
decision kauli
decoration pambo
decorations mapambo
decree dikrii
deed tendo
deep freezer
deep dipfriza
deeply rooted
deeply kita
deeply mizizi
deeply rooted
deeply kita
deeply mzizi
deep refu
deer kulungu
defeat ushinde
defeat ushindwaji
defect kasoro
defence defensi
defender mtetezi
defenders watetezi
deficiency athari
defile najisi
degree digrii
degrees madigrii
delay chelezo
delegate mshenga
delicious tamu
delicious sana
Delphinidae familia
Delphinidae ya
Delphinidae pomboo
Demeter Demetra
Demeter Demita
demigod nusumungu
democracy demokrasi
democracy demokrasia
Democratic People's
Democratic Republic
Democratic of
Democratic Korea
Democratic Jamhuri
Democratic ya
Democratic Kidemokrasia
Democratic ya
Democratic Watu
Democratic wa
Democratic Korea
Democratic Republic
Democratic of
Democratic Congo
Democratic Jamhuri
Democratic ya
Democratic Kidemokrasia
Democratic ya
Democratic Kongo
Democratic Republic
Democratic of
Democratic the
Democratic Congo
Democratic Jamhuri
Democratic ya
Democratic Kidemokrasia
Democratic ya
Democratic Kongo
demon pepo
demon shetani
demons mapepo
denarius dinari
Denmark Denmaki
Denmark Udeni
denomination dhehebu
denominations madhehebu
dent bonyea
deny kana
deodorant kuondoa
deodorant harufu
department idara
dependable player
dependable mchezaji
dependable wa
dependable kutegemea
dependable players
dependable wachezaji
dependable wa
dependable kutegemea
depend tegemea
depertment of
depertment health
depertment idara
depertment ya
depertment afya
depositer mwekaji
deposit rubuni
deposit uwekaji
depot depo
depots madepo
depth kiini
depth kina
depths viini
depths vina
deputy naibu
derailer potovu
descendant mzao
descend shuka
desecrate najisi
desert jangwa
desert nyika
deserts majangwa
deserve stahiki
desire ari
desire hamu
desire tamani
desk dawati
desk deski
desk jarari
desks madawati
desks madeski
despair kukata
despair tamaa
despise dharau
despise madharau
destiny majaliwa
destitution ufukara
destroy atili
destroy haribu
destruction uharibifu
deteriorate dorora
deteriorate fifia
Deutronomy taurati
Deutronomy Torati
development khuendelea
development maendeleo
development ustawishaji
devil ibilisi
devil shetani
diabetes kisukari
diabetes mellitus
diabetes bolisukari
diabetes mellitus
diabetes kisukari
dial bonyeza
dialect lahaja
diameter kipenyo
diameters vipenyo
diamond almasi
diamonds uru
diamond uru
diarrhea harisha
diarrhea kuhara
diary shajara
diary tarihi
dice games
dice dhumna
dichapetalum chikwaya
dictator dikteta
dictatorship udikteta
dictators madikteta
dictionary kamusi
die dadu
die kufa
diesel dizeli
difference tofauti
differenciate tofautisha
different tofauti
differ khitalifiana
difficult ugumu
dig chimba
dinar dinari
dining hall
dining maakuli
dinner chakula
dinner cha
dinner jioni
dinning hall
dinning bwalo
diocese dayosisi
diocese jimbo
Dionysus Dioniso
dip chovya
dip hole
dip pango
dip josho
diplomacy diplomasia
diploma diploma
diplomate mwanadiplomasia
diplomates madiplomasia
dipper dila
dips majosho
direction mwelekeo
directions mielekeo
director mkurugenzi
directors wakurugenzi
dirham dirhamu
dirt chafu
dirt takataka
dirt uchafu
disable kuzima
disagree chokochoko
disappear kutoweka
disaster afa
disaster janga
disasters maafa
disasters majanga
disc diski
disciple mwanafunzi
disciplinary measure
disciplinary hatua
disciplinary ya
disciplinary kinidhamu
disco disko
discount diskaunti
discussion majadiliano
discussion maneno
discussion mazungumzo
discussion mjadala
disease maradhi
diseases magonjwa
disease ugonjwa
dismiss aga
disobey asi
disorder fujo
dispensaries madispensari
dispensaries mazahanati
dispensary dispensari
dispensary zahanati
display zinza
disrespect tweza
dissolve sambaratika
distance umbali
distasteful karaha
distaste karaha
distress dhiki
distressed sononeka
distribute gawanya
distributor mgavi
distributor msambazaji
distributors wagavi
distributors wasambazaji
district commissioner
district mudiri
district wilaya
disturbance mchafuko
disturbances michafuko
disturbance uchokozi
disturbance usumbufu
disturbance utundu
divide gawa
divide gawanya
divination ramli
divine -a
divine kimungu
divisible number
divisible kigawo
divisible numbers
divisible vigawo
division farakano
division tarafa
division ugavi
divorce talaka
divorce taliki
dizziness kisulisuli
dizziness kisunzi
dizziness kizunguzungu
dizziness zulu
Djiboutian Kijibuti
Djiboutian Mjibuti
Djiboutians Wajibuti
Djibouti Jibuti
DNA test
DNA utafiti
DNA wa
DNA DNA
docking fee
docking ardhia
doctor daktari
doctor dokta
doctors madaktari
doctrine maadili
document stakabadhi
document waraka
dodge chenga
dodo doda
Dodoma Dodoma
do fanya
dog kelbu
dog mbwa
dogwood msese
dollar dola
dollars madola
dolphin pomboo
domestic animal
domestic mfugo
domestic animals
domestic mifugo
Dominica Dominika
Dominican Kidominika
Dominican Mdominika
Dominican Republic
Dominican Jamhuri
Dominican ya
Dominican Dominika
Dominicans Wadominika
donation mchango
donations michango
donkey punda
doodle msirimbo
doorman bawabu
door mlango
doors milango
dormitory bweni
doubt shaka
doubt shauku
dough kinyunya
dough mahamri
doughnut andazi
doughnut mandazi
doughnut ndazi
doughnuts mandazi
doum palm
doum mkoma
dove njiwa
down chini
dowry mahari
dowry procession
dowry pamvu
do you
do speak
do English
do unasema
do Kiingereza
do you
do speak
do English
do unasema
do Kiswahili
dozen dazani
dozen dazeni
doze sinzia
dozing lepe
draft constitution
draft katiba
draft hawala
draft mpepea
drag buruta
dragon dragoni
dragon joka
drama sarakasi
drama tamthilia
draughts dama
draughts drafti
drawing mchoro
drawings michoro
drawing uchoraji
draw teka
Dr Dkt
dreadlocks rasta
dream interpretation
dream aguzi
dream ndoto
dream ota
dream -ota
dress gagulo
dress rinda
drill drili
drill kwata
drink kinyuaji
drink kinywaji
drink kunywa
drinks vinyuaji
drink unywaji
drive endesha
drive kuendesha
drive off
drive fukuza
driver dereva
driver mwendeshaji
drivers madereva
drizzle rasharasha
drop kuangusha
droplet nyunyu
drops matone
drop tone
drought kiangazi
drought ukame
drum ngoma
drunkard mlevi
drunkard Sakarani
drunk mlevi
drunk ulevi
dry air
dry hewa
dry kavu
dry cleaner
dry dobi
dry cleaners
dry madobi
dry kavu
dry -kavu
dry place
dry sehemu
dry kavu
duaf mbilikimo
duck bata
ducks mabata
dugong nguva
dugout canoe
dugout mtumbwi
dulcimer santuri
dumping site
dumping dampo
dung kinyezi
durian duriani
dust bin
dust pipa
dust devil
dust kimbunga
duster dasta
duster kifuti
dusters madasta
dust kauta
dust vumbi
Dutch Kiholanzi
Dutchman Mholanzi
Dutch Mholanzi
Dutchs Waholanzi
duty zamu
dwarf kijeba
dwelling place
dwelling chengo
dwindle arijojo
dye plant
dye mdaa
dye plant
dye msirisha
dye plant
dye msizi
dye plants
dye midaa
dye plants
dye misirisha
dye plants
dye misizi
dynamite baruti
dynasty nasaba
dysentery kichocho
each kila
eagle owl
eagle kungwi
eagle ray
eagle pungu
eagles mapungu
eagle tai
ear lobe
ear ndewe
early mapema
early morning
early damka
earning pato
earnings mapato
earring hereni
ear ring
ear kipuli
ear rings
ear vipuli
ear sikio
ears masikio
ear suke
earth alamina
earth arthi
earth dunia
Earth dunia
earth duniani
Earth nchi
earth nchi
earth kavu
earth udongo
earthworm choo
earwax nta
earwax za
earwax sikio
East Africa
East Afrika
East ya
East Mashariki
Eastern Europe
Eastern Ulaya
Eastern ya
Eastern Mashariki
easter pasaka
east mashariki
easy chee
easy rahisi
eater mla
eat kula
ebola ebola
Ebola fever
Ebola Maradhi
Ebola ya
Ebola virusi
Ebola ya
Ebola ebola
ebony -a
ebony abunusi
ebony abunusi
ebony -a
ebony rangi
ebony ya
ebony abunusi
ebony mpingo
ebony rangi
ebony ya
ebony abunusi
e-book kitabu
echidna mhanganungu
echo mwangwi
ecology ikolojia
economics uchumi
economist mchumi
economists wachumi
economy uchumi
Ecuador Ekwado
Ecuadorian Kiekwado
Ecuadorian Mwekwado
Ecuadorians Wawekwado
Eden Edeni
edge chambochambo
edge of
edge a
edge site
edge pindo
edge pembeni
edges kingo
edge ukingo
edifice jengo
Edinburgh Edinburgh
editions matoleo
edition toleo
editor mhariri
Edmonton Edmonton
educate elimisha
education elimu
eel mkunga
effect adhari
effect madhara
effects madhara
effort hekaheka
effort jitihada
effort juhudi
eggplant bilingani
eggplant mbilingani
eggs mayai
egg yai
Egyptian Kimisri
Egyptian Mmisri
Egyptians Wamisri
Egypt Misri
Eid al-Fitr
Eid siku
Eid kuu
Eiffel Tower
Eiffel Mnara
Eiffel wa
Eiffel Eiffel
eight nane
eighty themanini
eland mbungu
eland pofu
elbow kisigino
elbow vikisigino
elder mzee
elders wazee
elect bai
elections kura
election uchaguzi
electoral commissions
electoral tume
electoral za
electoral uchaguzi
electoral commission
electoral tume
electoral ya
electoral uchaguzi
electricity pole
electricity mlingoti
electricity wa
electricity umeme
electricity poles
electricity milingoti
electricity ya
electricity umeme
electricity stima
electricity umeme
electrode elektrodi
electron elektroni
electronic ektroniki
electronics elektroniki
elect uteuzi
element elementi
elements maelementi
elephantiasis matende
elephantiasis of
elephantiasis the
elephantiasis scrotum
elephantiasis busha
elephantiasis of
elephantiasis the
elephantiasis scrotum
elephantiasis pumbu
Elephantidae familia
Elephantidae ya
Elephantidae tembo
elephant kubwa
elephant ndovu
elephant seal
elephant tembo
elephant wa
elephant bahari
elephant tembo
elevator eleveta
elevators maeleveta
elf kibwengo
eloquence usemaji
El Salvador
El Elsavado
embarassment janaa
embarassment pweta
embassy ubalozi
emerald rangi
emerald ya
emerald zumaridi
emerald zumaridi
emerge ibuka
emotional simikwa
emperor kaisari
employee mwajiriwa
employees waajiriwa
employer mwajiri
employers waajiri
employment ajira
emptiness utupu
empty bila
empty shell
empty bupura
empty shells
empty mabupura
empty tupu
enable kuwasha
encourage diriki
encourage hamasisha
encourage himiza
encyclopedia ensaiklopidia
encyclopedia kamusi
encyclopedia elezo
end dali
end kikomo
end mwisho
end ncha
end omega
ends vikomo
end tamati
enemies maadui
enemity uhasama
enemy adui
enemy hasimu
enemy maadui
energy kani
engagement uchumba
engage posa
engineering uhandisi
engine injini
England Uingereza
English -ingereza
English kiingereza
English Kiingereza
english kimombo
english kizungu
Englishman Mwingereza
English Mwingereza
english zunguka
engraver mchoraji
enjoy furahikia
enjoy kujivinjari
enjoy makinika
enmity uadui
enough basi
enough basi
enter kuingia
entertainment burudani
entertain tumbuiza
enthusiasm kakakaka
entrenchment mchimbo
entries vidahizo
entry fee
entry kiingilio
entry kidahizo
entry uingiaji
envelope bahasha
environment mazingara
environment mazingira
enzyme kimeng'enya
enzymes vimeng'enya
Ephesians Waefeso
Ephesus Efeso
epic kigano
epics vigano
epilepsy kifafa
epiphany epifania
equality usawa
equal lines
equal mstari
equal sambamba
equation mlinganyo
Equatorial Guinea
Equatorial Ginekweta
Equatorial Guinea
Equatorial Guinea
Equatorial ya
Equatorial Ikweta
Equatorial Guinean
Equatorial Kiginekweta
Equatorial Guinean
Equatorial Mginekweta
Equatorial Guineans
Equatorial Waginekweta
equator ikweta
Equidae familia
Equidae ya
Equidae farasi
eraser kifutio
Eritrea Eritrea
Eritrean Kieritrea
eritrean mweritrea
Eritrean Mweritrea
-er m-
Eros Erosi
error kasoro
escalator askaleta
escalator eskaleta
escape epuka
escape hepa
escape kwepa
escape ponyoka
escapism utoro
escarpment ngome
Eskimo Kieskimo
Eskimo Mweskimo
Eskimo Waeskimo
Esperanto Kiesperanto
essay insha
essence mchakato
essences michakato
establish auka
estate kitongoji
Esther Esta
Estonia Estonia
Estonian Mwestonia
Estonians Waestonia
eternity dawamu
Ethiopia Ethiopia
Ethiopia Habeshi
Ethiopian Kihabeshi
ethiopian mhabeshi
Ethiopian Mhabeshi
Ethiopian Muethiopia
ethiopian muhabeshi
Ethiopians Waethiopia
Ethiopians wahabeshi
Ethiopia Uhabeshi
etymology etimolojia
eucalyptus mkalitusi
eucharist hostia
euphoria biwi
Euphrates Frati
Eurasia Urasia
European Union
European Umoja
European wa
European Ulaya
Europe Bara
Europe Uropa
Europe Ulaya
Europe Uropa
evade beregeza
evangelism uinjilisti
evangelist mwinjilisti
evangelists wainjilisti
evasion kipengee
Eve Hawa
even hata
evening jioni
evening machweo
event kisa
events matukio
events visa
event tukio
every kila
evicted furushwa
evil baa
evildoer mpotovu
evil maovu
evil ovu
exaggeration doido
examinee mtahiniwa
examiner mtahini
exam mtihani
example mfano
example mifano
example mwongozo
examples mifano
exams mitihani
Excellency Mheshimiwa
except ila
excess zaidi
exchange ubadilishaji
exchequer wizara
exchequer ya
exchequer hazina
excite kusisimua
excitement bambika
excitement mawimbi
excitement msisimuko
exclamation mark
exclamation alama
exclamation ya
exclamation mshangao
exclamation marks
exclamation alama
exclamation za
exclamation mshangao
excuse me
excuse samahani
excuse rudia
excuse me
excuse tafadhali
excuse naomba
excuse unipishe
executioner mchinja
executioner mchinjaji
executioner mnyongaji
executive mtendaji
executor mfanya
executor mfanyi
executor mrithisha
executor mrithishi
executor mtekelezaji
executor wasii
exercise mazoezi
exercises mazoezi
exercise zoezi
exhibit kizibiti
exorcism ceremonies
exorcism mapungo
exorcism ceremony
exorcism pungo
expectation kusudio
expectations makusudio
expectations matarajio
expectation tarajio
expect tazamia
expenses harija
expensive gali
expensive ghali
experience taamula
experience tajiriba
experience tajriba
experience uzoefu
expert fahali
expert galacha
expert gwiji
expertise ujuzi
expert mtaalam
expert mtaalamu
experts mafahali
experts magalacha
experts wataalamu
expert ushupavu
expiation kafara
explain eleza
explanation ufafanuzi
exploitation unyonyaji
explosion mlipuko
expose funua
extinguish kuzima
extra ziada
eyeball mboni
eye brow
eye nyusi
eye jicho
eyelash kope
eyelid kope
eyelids makope
eye pencil
eye mkahale
eye pencils
eye mikahale
eyesight taswira
eyes macho
fable hadithi
face elekea
face sura
face uso
face wajihi
faction mrengo
factory karakana
fade chujuka
faeces mavi
failure ushinde
fairy kichimbakazi
fairy tale
fairy hadithi
fairy ya
fairy vichimbakazi
faith imani
faith rajua
fake bandia
falcon kozi
fall anguka
fall anguko
fall down
fall anguka
fall maanguko
fallopian tube
fallopian futuza
Fallopian tube
Fallopian futuza
fallopian tubes
fallopian mafutuza
false statement
false zuri
fame fora
fame umaarufu
family familia
fan feni
fang chonge
fan kichocheo
fan pankta
fan shabiki
fans mashabiki
fantastic murua
fantasy fantasia
fare abiria
farewell alamsiki
far mbali
farmer mkulima
farming ukulima
farm shamba
Faroe Islands
Faroe Visiwa
Faroe vya
Faroe Faroe
fart -jamba
fart -shuta
fashon fashoni
faster mfunga
fast funga
fast haraka
fasting funga
fasting saumu
fast mfungo
fast saumu
fate hatima
fate majaliwa
fate riziki
father baba
Father baba
fatherhood ubaba
father in
father law
father babamkwe
father-in-law babamkwe
father mzee
fatigue uchovu
fat mafuta
fault hatia
favorite kipenzi
favorites vipenzi
favor upendeleo
favourite kipenzi
fax barua
fax meme
fax faksi
fear cha
fear hofu
fear kicho
fear ogopa
fear uwoga
fear woga
feases shonde
feast karamu
feast sikukuu
feather bawa
feather nyoya
feathers nyoya
february februari
February februari
fee ada
fee karo
feeling hisia
feet futi
female jike
female kike
female slave
female mjakazi
fences maua
fence ua
fennel mshamari
fennel shamari
fern mkangaga
ferret fereti
ferry feri
ferry kiperea
fertility rotuba
fertilizer mbolea
festival tamasha
fever harara
fever homa
fever joto
fez tarbushi
fianc e
fianc mchumba
fianc mchumba
fictional -a
fictional kubuniwa
field shamba
field uwanja
fifteen kumi
fifteen na
fifteen tano
fifth ya
fifth tano
fifty hamsa
fifty hamsini
fight vita
fig mtini
fig tini
fig tree
fig mkuyu
Fijian Mfiji
Fijians Wafiji
Fiji Fiji
file faili
file jalada
file majadala
file tupa
filling muhu
fillings muhu
fill mjazo
filter chuja
filter chunga
filter chungi
filter kichungi
filter paper
filter bushashi
filters vichungi
final fainali
final finali
finals mafainali
final step
final aheri
fine dust
fine kivumbi
fine faini
finger dole
finger kidole
finger millet
finger mbege
finger millet
finger mwimbi
fingernail kucha
fingernails makucha
finger print
finger alama
finger ya
finger kidole
finger prints
finger alama
finger za
finger vidole
finger sign
finger alama
finger ya
finger kidole
finger signs
finger alama
finger za
finger vidole
fingers vidole
finishing ukamilisho
Finland Ufini
Finnish Kifini
Finnish Kifinishi
Finnish Kifinlandi
Finnish Kifinlandia
Finnish Mfini
Finnish Wafini
Finn Mfini
Finn Mfinlendi
fire extinguisher
fire kizima
fire moto
firefighter mzimamoto
fireflies vimetameta
firefly kimetameta
fire kupiga
fire risasi
fire moto
fire nari
fires myoto
firewood kuni
fir mberoshi
first -a
first kwanza
first benefit
first limbuko
first benefits
first malimbuko
first born
first chudere
first born
first kifungua
first mimba
first born
first mwanambee
first borns
first wanambee
first kwanza
first uganda
first emperor
first kabaka
fish bone
fish kifuu
fish bones
fish vifuu
fisherman mvuvi
fishermen wavuvi
fishhook ndoana
fishhooks mandoana
fishing net
fishing jarife
fishing net
fishing nyavu
fishing nets
fishing majarife
fishing uvuvi
fish samaki
fish trap
fish dema
fishtrap vyero
fist ndumi
fist ngumi
fists mangumi
five tano
flag benbera
flag bendera
flamingo Flamingo
flamingo heroe
flashlight tochi
flask chupa
Flask chupa
Flask cha
Flask chai
flat ghorofa
flats maghorofa
flatulence vimbiwa
flavor ladha
flea kiroboto
flea kirobto
fleas viroboto
flesh bambua
flesh chembechembe
flesh jazia
flesh kinofu
flesh ngozi
flesh vinofu
flex kakamaa
flipper kikono
flock ng'ombe
flock tongo
flood gharika
flood mafuriko
floor sakafu
flour unga
flower bariki
flower chanua
flower flower
flower sitawi
flowers maua
flower ua
flow mkondo
flows mikondo
flow uteremkaji
fluke mkia
fluke wa
fluke nyangumi
fluorine florini
flute digali
flute filimbi
flute zumari
fly ball
fly nzi
flycatcher shore
flycatchers mashore
fly gari
fly kukimbia
fly kuruka
fly kurusha
fly mfano
fly wa
fly inzi
fly nzi
foam povu
fog ukungu
folder folda
fold fumba
folklore hadithi
folklore za
folklore kale
folktale hekaya
follow andama
follower mfuasi
followers wafuasi
follower wafauasi
follow fuata
followup fuatilia
fontanelle utosi
food chakula
food lishe
food mlo
food price
food bei
food ya
food chakula
food prices
food bei
food ya
food vyakula
foods milo
foods vyakula
food tray
food chano
food trays
food vyano
food viakula
fool fala
foolish in
foolish a
foolish game
foolish utobwe
foolish pite
fool juha
fool mjinga
fools mafala
fools majuha
fools wajinga
fool zuzua
footballer mwanasoka
footballers wanasoka
football kabumbu
foot futi
foot mgu
foot mguu
foot palm
foot kiganja
foot cha
foot mguu
foot palms
foot viganja
foot vya
foot miguu
footprint nyayo
footprints nyayo
footstep nyayo
footstool kibao
foot uwayo
foot wayo
force field
force ngao
force ya
force nishati
force kahari
force kahiri
force mabavu
forehead bapa
foreigner ajinabi
foreigners majinabi
foreign policy
foreign sera
foreign za
foreign kigeni
foreman mkadamu
foremen wakadamu
foreseers watabiri
fore skin
fore govi
forest msitu
forest porini
forests misitu
foreteller mbashiri
foreteller mtabiri
foretellers wabashiri
forever daima
forever milele
for example
for kwa
for mfano
forgetfulness chechele
forget sahau
forgiveness msamaha
forgive samehe
fork uma
for kwa
for kwani
form fomu
fornicator mzinzi
forty arbaini
forty arobaini
forty arubaini
foul breath
foul kimenomeno
foundation msingi
foundations misingi
founder mwingilizi
four nne
fourth ya
fourth nne
fox mbweha
fox mbweha
fox mwekundu
fox thalabu
fraction akisami
fraction tarakimu
frame fremu
France Ufaransa
francium fransi
francolin kwale
francolin kware
frankincense uvumba
fraud ghashi
fraud sakata
free bure
freedman huru
freedom uhuru
free huru
free of
free charge
free bure
free person
free wadinasi
free speech
free uhuru
free wa
free maoni
French horn
French baragumu
French ya
French kifaransa
french kifaransa
French Kifaransa
Frenchman Mfaransa
French Mfaransa
French Wafaransa
Frenchwoman Mfaransa
friday ijumaa
Friday Ijumaa
fridge friji
fridge jakuzi
fridges mafriji
friend akhi
friend mbasi
friend mwenzi
friend rafiki
friendship urafiki
friendship wenzi
friends marafiki
friends mayahe
friends wabasi
friends waenzi
friend yahe
fright babaiko
frighten ogofia
frighten ogofisha
frighten ogofya
fright pigano
frog chura
frogs vyura
from time
from to
from time
from mara
from kwa
from mara
fruit matunda
fruit shoga
fruits matunda
fruit tree
fruit mti
fruit wa
fruit matunda
fruit tunda
fry kaanga
fuck kutomba
full colon
full alama
full ya
full nuktambili
full colon
full alama
full za
full nuktambili
full expalnation
full kinaganaga
full jaa
full nzima
fullstop alama
fullstop ya
fullstop nukta
full stop
full kituo
full stop
full nukta
fullstops alama
fullstops za
fullstops nukta
full zima
functional group
functional kundi
funeral matanga
funeral maziko
funeral mazishi
fun fani
fungi vidudu
fungus kidudu
funny ucheshi
fur manyoya
furniture fanicha
furniture samani
furthermore aidha
further pofu
fur unyoya
Gabonese Kigaboni
Gabonese Mgaboni
Gabonese Wagaboni
Gabon Gaboni
galago komba
galan galoni
gallon galoni
Gambia Gambia
Gambian Mgambia
Gambians Wagambia
gambling kamari
game mchezo
gams fizi
gam ufizi
gam utenzi
gang genge
gangs magenge
gangstar jambazi
gangstar pwaguzi
gangstars majambazi
gangster jangili
gangsters majangili
gap mwanya
garage gereji
garages magereji
garbage can
garbage pipa
garden bustani
garden kore
Garden of
Garden Eden
Garden bustani
Garden ya
Garden Edeni
garden shamba
gardens makore
garlic kitunguu
garlic saumu
garlic saumu
garlic somu
garlic thumu
gas gesi
gas giant
gas pandikizi
gas la
gas gesi
gasoline petroli
gatekeeper bawabu
gate lango
gate way
gate lango
gather kutanika
gauge geji
gay basha
gay man
gay basha
gay msenge
gay shoga
Gaza Gaza
Gaza Strip
Gaza ukanda
Gaza wa
Gaza Gaza
gazelle swala
gazelle swara
gaze pumbao
gecko mjusi
gecko kafiri
geezer kikaramba
geezer manaume
geezers vikaramba
Gemini Jauza
Gemini Mapacha
gem johari
gender jinsia
general jenerali
general jumla
general majenerali
generals majenerali
generation enzi
generation kizazi
generator jenereta
generosity ukarimu
generous karimu
generous person
generous mkarimu
generous ukarimu
Genesis Mwanzo
geneticist mtaalamu
geneticist wa
geneticist chembe
geneticist za
geneticist urithi
geneticist mwanajenetiki
genet kanu
genie jini
genie kijini
genius werevu
genocide amaharu
genus jenasi
geographer mwanajiografia
geography jiografia
geology jiologia
geology jiolojia
geometry jiometri
geometry jiometria
Georgia Jojia
Georgian Mjojia
Georgians Wajojia
gerenuk swala
gerenuk twiga
German Democratic
German Republic
German Jamhuri
German ya
German Kidemokrasia
German ya
German Kijerumani
Germanic -a
Germanic Kijerumaniki
Germanic Kijerumaniki
Germanic Mjerumaniki
German kijerumani
German Mjerumani
Germans Wajerumani
Germany Ujerumani
get agree
get kereka
get out
get nenda
get pata
get up
get ondoka
get used
get zoea
get wahi
geyser gaiza
Ghana Ghana
Ghanaian Kighana
Ghanaian Mghana
ghee samli
ghost jini
ghost mzuka
ghosts majini
ghosts mizuka
giant anteater
giant mhanga
giant mkubwa
giant babe
giant jitu
giant njemba
giant pandikizi
giant petrel
giant kwazi-bahari
giants mapandikizi
Gibraltar Gibraltar
Gibraltarian Mjibralta
Gibraltarians Wajibralta
Gibraltar Jibralta
gift kipawa
gift zawadi
ginger beer
ginger tangawizi
ginger mtangawizi
ginger tangawizi
gin jini
ginkgo ginko
ginkgo mginko
giraffe twiga
Giraffidae familia
Giraffidae ya
Giraffidae twiga
girlfriend chuma
girlfriend kimwana
girlfriend mpenzi
girlfriend shoga
girl msichana
girl mwari
girls wasichana
Gita Gita
giter gitaa
give birth
give zaa
give kupa
given fulani
give pea
giver mpaji
glasses magilasi
glasses maglasi
glass gilasi
glass glasi
glitter kimeto
glitters vimeto
glob globu
glove glavu
glove glovu
gloves maglovu
glue gamu
glue gluu
glue gundi
glutton mlafi
glutton mroho
gluttons walafi
glutton walafi
gnu mbogo
gnu nyumbu
goal area
goal kimiani
goal bao
goalkeeper beki
goal keeper
goal golikipa
goalkeeper kipa
goal keeper
goal mlinda
goal lango
goal keepers
goal walinda
goal lango
goalpost goli
goals mabao
goat mbuzi
go away
go ondoka
go back
go rejea
go back
go rudi
goblin zimwi
God Allah
god bwana
God Jalali
godly uungu
god mabwana
god mungu
God mungu
God Mungu
God Rabana
god rabi
god rahimu
gods creation
gods kiumbe
gods cha
gods mungu
gods creations
gods viumbe
gods vya
gods mungu
go gura
gold dhahabu
golden eagle
golden tai-mfalme
golden eagle
golden tai
golden wa
golden dhahabu
gold translations
gold dhahabu
golf gofu
gonorrhea kisonono
gonorrhea sekeneko
good afternoon
good masalkheri
goodbye baibai
goodbye kwaheri
goodbye majaliwea
goodbye tuonane
goodbye tena
good care
good malezi
good bora
good day
good habari
good za
good leo
good day
good habari
good za
good mchana
good evening
good habari
good ya
good jioni
good luck
good chumu
goodluck heri
good luck
good kila
good la
good kheri
good manners
good nidhamu
good mazuri
good mema
good morning
good habari
good ya
good asubuhi
good morning
good sabalkheri
good morning
good subulkheri
good mzuri
goodness hasamati
goodness uzuri
goodness wema
good news
good bishara
good night
good alamsiki
good night
good usiku
good mwema
good place
good pema
goods bidha
goods bidhaa
goods mali
good tidings
good buheri
good uzuri
goose bata
goose bukini
gooseberry tunda
gooseberry bukini
gorilla ngagi
gosh ka
gospel injili
gossip fakachi
gossip fitina
gossip sabasi
gossip tetesi
gossip uchochezi
gossip udaku
gossip umbea
gossip usabasi
gourd kuzi
gourds makuzi
governess mlezi
government serikali
governor gavana
governor liwali
gown gauni
grace fadhila
grace neema
grade kidato
grain kilo
grain lisha
grain nafaka
gram gramu
grammarian mwanasarufi
grammar sarufi
gramme gramu
gramophone gramafoni
granaries maghala
granary ghala
grandchild mjukuu
grandchildren wajukuu
grandfather babu
grandmother bibi
grandmother nyanya
granny bikizee
grapefruit balungi
grapefruit mbalungi
grape mzabibu
grapes mizabibu
grapevine mzabibu
grapevines mizabibu
grape zabibu
grape zambarau
graph jedwali
grasshopper panzi
grass nyasi
grass unyasi
grate kuna
gratitude shukrani
gratitude ushukuru
grave kaburi
graveyard makaburi
gravity graviti
gray hair
gray mvi
gray kijivu
grease girisi
grease grisi
greatgrandchild kitukuu
grebe kibisi
Greece Ugiriki
greediness pupa
greed tamaa
greed uroho
Greek Kigiriki
Greek Mgiriki
Greeks mgriki
Greeks Wagiriki
green chanikiwiti
green chanikwiti
green grams
green dengu
green grams
green plant
green mdengu
green grams
green plants
green midengu
green kijani
green kijani
green kibichi
Greenlander Mgrinlandi
Greenlanders Wagrinlandi
Greenland Grinlandi
Greenlandish Kigrinlandi
green mamba
green hongo
green pepper
green pilipili
green tamu
green pigeon
green ninga
greet amkia
greeting maamkizi
greeting salamu
greetings maamkuzi
Grenada Grenada
Grenadean Mgrenada
Grenadeans Wagrenada
Grenadian Kigrenada
Grenadian Mgrenada
grey kijivu
grid chati
grief ghamu
grieve huzunika
griffin grifoni
grill uma
grind saga
grindstone cherehe
gross national
gross product
gross jumla
gross ya
gross pato
gross la
gross taifa
group kaumu
group kikundi
group kundi
group makundi
groups makundi
groups vikundi
grow kua
grow kukuza
grow kuza
growth ukuaji
guard askari
guard chunga
guard linda
guard mlinzi
guards maaskari
guard walinzi
Guatemala Guatemala
Guatemala Gwatemala
Guatemalan Kigwatemala
Guatemalan Mgwatemala
Guatemalans Wagwatemala
guava mpera
guava pera
guavas mapera
guava tree
guava mpera
guava trees
guava mipera
guest mgeni
guideline kielelezo
guide mwelekezi
guides waelekezi
guilt hatia
Guineabesau Mginebisau
Guineabesau Waginebisau
Guinea Bissau
Guinea Ginebisau
Guinea-Bissau Ginebisau
guinea fowl
guinea kanga
guineafowl kanga
guinea fowl
guinea kororo
guineafowls machepeo
guineafowls makanga
guineafowls vicheleko
Guinea Gine
Guinean Kigine
Guinean Mgine
Guineans Wagine
guitar gitaa
guitar Gitaa
Gujarati kigujarati
Gujarati Kigujarati
gulf ghuba
Gulf of
Gulf Guinea
Gulf Ghuba
Gulf ya
Gulf Guinea
gum arabic
gum sandarusi
gun bunduki
gunpowder baruti
Guyana Guyana
Guyanese Kiguyana
Guyanese Mguyana
Guyanese Waguyana
habit desturi
habit hulka
habit mazoea
habit zoevu
Hades Hade
Hades Hadesi
Hades kuzimu
hair dresser
hair msusi
hair nywele
hair unywele
Haitian Kihaiti
Haitian Mhaiti
Haitians Wahaiti
Haiti Haiti
hajj haji
hajji alhaji
hajji haji
halal halal
halal halali
half cast
half chotara
half cast
half shombe
half casts
half machotara
half casts
half mashombe
half coat
half kizibao
half diging
half fork
half kiserema
half nusu
half past
half saa
half saba
half na
half nusu
hallo shikamoo
halls kumbi
halyard jarari
ham hemu
hammer nyundo
handball mpira
handcuff pingu
handicap kilema
handicaps vilema
hand in
hand hand
hand andamana
handkerchief leso
handle mpini
hand of
hand a
hand clock
hand akrabu
hand ya
hand saa
hand over
hand kabidhi
hands of
hands clocks
hands akrabu
hands za
hands saa
hangover chelewa
hangovers machelewa
happen jiri
happen matukiyo
happen tokea
happen tukia
happen tukiyo
happiness raha
happiness ukunjufu
happy birthday
happy Pongezi
happy kwa
happy siku
happy ya
happy kuzaliwa
happy New
happy Year
happy Heri
happy Za
happy Mwaka
happy Mpya
haram haramu
harbor bandari
hardcore kokoto
hard drive
hard kiendeshi
hard diski
hard kuu
hard gumu
hard ngumu
hardship ghamu
hardships maghamu
hard sugu
hard times
hard wakati
hard mgumu
hard work
hard bidii
hare sungura
harm dhara
harm dhuru
harmonica kinanda
harmonica cha
harmonica mdomo
harp kinubi
harsh mkali
hartebeest kongoni
harvest vuna
haste makes
haste waste
haste haraka
haste haraka
haste haina
haste baraka
hat chapeo
hat chepeo
hate chuki
hate kuchukia
hat kofia
hat pama
hatred chuki
Hausa Kihausa
Hausa Mhausa
Hawaiian -a
Hawaiian Kihawai
Hawaiian Kihawai
Hawaiian Mhawai
hawker mchuuzi
hawk kipanga
hay majani
hay makavu
hay ukoko
hay mkwavu
hazel mhazeli
head kichwa
headline taarifa
head man
head jumbe
head mkuu
head office
head makao
head makuu
head rasi
headscarf buibui
heads vichwa
heads wakuu
head teacher
head mwalimu
head mkuu
healer tabibu
healing kuponya
heal nafuu
health afya
heap rundo
hear sikia
heart attack
heart mshtuko
heart wa
heart moyo
hearth meko
heart mioyo
heart moyo
heart mtima
heart shape
heart kopa
heart shapes
heart makopa
hearts kopa
hearts mioyo
hearts moyo
heat harara
heat joto
heat rash
heat harara
heaven mbingu
heaven mbinguni
heavens mbingu
heavy uzito
heavy -zito
hectare hekta
hedgehog kalunguyeye
heel kisigino
heels visigino
heifer mbarike
heifer mtamba
heifers mitamba
height urefu
heir mrithi
heirs warithi
helicopter helikopta
helium heliamu
hell jehanamu
hello jambo
hello salaam
helmeted guineafowl
helmeted chepeo
helmet helmeti
helmet kofia
helmet ya
helmet chuma
helper msaidizi
help kusaidia
help msaada
hemoglobin hemoglobini
hemp bangi
henceforth tokea
henceforth sasa
hen droppings
hen mavi
hen ya
hen kuku
hen kuku
hen mwera
hen tembe
Hephaestus Hefesto
hep of
hep waste
hep kifusi
Heracles Herakle
Hera Hera
herbal medicine
herbal mwarubaini
herbivore mla-mimea
herb mti
herb shamba
Hercules Hekyulizi
Hercules Herkule
herd kundi
herdsman mchungaji
herdsmen wachungaji
here and
here there
here huko
here na
here huko
hermaphrodite huntha
Hermes Herme
heroism ushakii
heroism ushujaa
heron koikoi
hero shujaa
herpes tego
he yeye
Hezbollah Hezbollah
hiccup kwikwi
hickory mkarya
hickory ubao
hickory wa
hickory mkarya
hidden acts
hidden nyerereza
hide container
hide kiriba
hide containers
hide viriba
hide jificha
hide out
hide mede
hide outs
hide mamede
high seas
high majimakuu
highway baraste
hi habari
hijab hijabu
hi jambo
Hijra hijra
hill kilima
hillock kilima
hinder kinga
hinder kinza
hinder pinga
hinder zuia
Hindi Kihindi
hindrance kikwazo
Hinduism Uhindu
Hindu Mhindu
hinterland rala
hinterlands marala
hip nyonga
hippo kiboko
Hippopotamidae familia
Hippopotamidae ya
Hippopotamidae kiboko
hippopotamus kiboko
hippos viboko
hip unyonga
hi salaam
his chake
his or
his hers
his yake
historian mwanahistoria
history historia
hive mzinga
hives mizinga
HIV UKIMWI
HIV virus
HIV vinavyosababisha
HIV VVU
hoard hodhi
hoe jembe
holder kamata
holders makamata
hold falka
hold of
hold ship
hold falka
hold shika
hole lindi
hole shimo
holes malindi
holes mashimo
holiday likizo
holiday sikukuu
holiday siku
holiday kuu
Holland Uholanzi
holy people
holy watakatifu
holy person
holy mtakatifu
Holy Spirit
Holy Roho
Holy Mtakatifu
holy takatifu
home makazi
home nyumbani
home stead
home boma
homestead kaya
homework kudurusu
homophobia ubaguzi
homophobia wa
homophobia mashoga
homosexuality ushoga
homosexual man
homosexual msenge
homosexual shoga
Honduran Kihondurasi
Honduran Mhondurasi
Hondurans Wahondurasi
Honduras Hondurasi
honest halali
honey asali
honey badger
honey nyegere
honeyguide kiongozi
honey uki
Hong Kong
Hong Hong
Hong Kong
honorarium honoraria
honorificabilitudinitatibus heshimiwa
honourable janabi
honour hadhi
-hood u-
hook ndoaro
hook ndowani
hook ndowano
hooks mandowani
hooks mandowano
hooliganism ujambazi
hope azimio
hope matumaini
hope tumaini
horn baragumu
hornbill barabara
hornbill fimbi
horn pembe
horny nyege
horse farasi
hospital hopitali
hospital hospitali
hospitals mahospitali
hostel hosteli
hostility uadui
hotel hoteli
hour saa
hours masaa
house baiti
house boy
house boi
house nyumba
houses mabaiti
how are
how you
how hujambo
how do
how you
how pronounce
how this
how word
how unatamkaje
how neno
how hili
how do
how you
how say
how in
how English
how unasemaje
how kwa
how Kiingereza
how je
how jinsi
how many
how ngapi
how namna
hub vitovu
hug kumbatio
human being
human binadamu
human being
human mwanadamu
human beings
human wanadamu
human binadamu
humane utu
human rights
human haki
human za
human kibinadamu
human uja
human waste
human mavi
human ya
human mtu
humble people
humble wamanyavu
humble people
humble wapole
humble person
humble mnyamavu
humble person
humble mpole
humidity unyevuanga
humpback whale
humpback nyangumi-kibyongo
hump nundu
hunch back
hunch kibyongo
hunch backs
hunch vibyongo
hundred mia
hung anika
Hungarian Mhungaria
Hungarians Wahungaria
Hungary Hungaria
hunger njaa
hunger unenge
hunger utapiamo
hung man
hung chakari
hunter helper
hunter gambera
hunter mkaa
hunter mrumba
hunter msasi
hunter mwindaji
hunters wakaa
hunters warumba
hunters wawindaji
hunting uwindaji
hunting uwindo
hunt kuwinda
hurricane kimbunga
hurricanes matufani
hurricane tufani
hurry ajila
hurry arubii
hurt kilemba
husband mume
husks kumvi
husk ukumvi
hyacinth hiakintho
hyacinth yasintho
hydrogen hidrojeni
hyena fisi
hymen kizinda
hymn wimbo
hyper utundu
hypocrisy unafiki
hypocrite kabwela
hypocrites makabwela
hyrax kwanga
hyrax pelele
hyrax pimbi
hyraxs makwanga
hyrax wibari
ibis kwarara
ibis makwarara
Iblis Ibilisi
ice barafu
ice cream
ice aiskrimu
Iceland Aisilandi
Icelander Mwaisilandi
Icelander Mwisilandi
Icelander Waaisilandi
Icelandic Kiaisilandi
Icelandic Mwaisilandi
Icelandic Waisilandi
Idd Idi
idea wazo
identity card
identity kitambulisho
identity cards
identity vitambulisho
idiot kichwamaji
idiot mjinga
idiots vichwamaji
idle zembea
Ido Kiido
idol sanamu
I don't
I eat
I meat
I huwa
I sili
I nyama
I don't
I eat
I pork
I sili
I nyama
I ya
I nguruwe
I don't
I know
I sijui
I don't
I speak
I English
I sisemi
I Kiingereza
I don't
I understand
I sielewi
if ikiwa
if kama
Igbo Kiigbo
ignorance ujinga
ignore puuza
I have
I AIDS
I nina
I Ukimwi
iligoal sect
iligoal kundi
iligoal haramu
illegal haramu
illegal immigrant
illegal mhamiaji
illegal haramu
illegal immigrants
illegal wahamiaji
illegal haramu
ill -
ill gonjwa
illness ugonjwa
illusion mpagao
I love
I you
I nakupenda
I love
I you
I ninakupenda
image sura
imaginary -a
imaginary kubuni
imagination ubunifu
imam imamu
I'm a
I'm Muslim
I'm mimi
I'm ni
I'm Mwislamu
I'm bleeding
I'm ninavuja
I'm damu
I'm blind
I'm mimi
I'm ni
I'm kipofu
I'm fine
I'm freshi
I'm fine
I'm njema
I'm fine
I'm nzuri
I'm fine
I'm poa
I'm fine
I'm safi
I'm fine
I'm sijambo
I'm fine
I'm vyema
imitate kuiga
immigration uhamisho
immoral fasiki
immorals wafasiki
immortal asiyekufa
immortality hali
immortality ya
immortality kutokufa
impala pala
impala swala
implement tekeleza
importance umuhimu
important issues
important maswala
important nyeti
important muhimu
impotent thori
imprison funga
improve boresha
inability to
inability speak
inability well
inability utasi
inadequate pungufu
incase endapo
incense ubani
incense uvumba
inch inchi
incite hamasisha
inclusion jumuisho
income mapato
in common
in shirika
independent distributor
independent mgavi
independent anayejitegemea
India Hindi
India India
Indian almond
Indian mkungu
Indianapolis Indianapolis
Indian Mhindi
Indian Ocean
Indian Bahari
Indian ya
Indian Hindi
Indians Wahindi
India Uhindi
indigence ufukara
Indonesia Indonesia
Indonesian Mwindonesia
Indonesians Waindonesia
industry kiwanda
I need
I nahitaji
infant mtoto
infant mchanga
infants watoto
infants wachanga
infant watoto
infant wachanga
infection ambukizi
infect wiche
inflation mfumuko
inflation wa
inflation bei
inform arifu
information habari
information ujumbe
inform pasha
in front
in mbele
in front
in of
in you
in face
in machoni
inhabitant mwenyeji
inheritance mirathi
inheritance uridhi
inheritance urithi
inherit ridhi
inhibitor kiviza
inhibit zuia
inhuman kaini
initially mwanzo
inject dunga
injector injekta
injuries majeraha
injuries majiraha
injury afa
injury jeraha
injury jiraha
injustice dhuluma
in kwa
ink wino
in-law mkwe
in-law shemeji
inlaw shemeji
inlaws mashemeji
innkeeper mwenye
innkeeper nyumba
innkeeper ya
innkeeper wageni
inpatient tututo
insanity wehu
insecticide dawa
insecticide ya
insecticide wadudu
insect mdudu
insect wadudu
insensitive person
insensitive chepe
inshallah inshallah
inshallah Mungu
inshallah akipenda
inside ndani
insignificant kikorokoro
insist shinikizo
insist sisitiza
insolent person
insolent fedhuli
inspection msako
inspections misako
inspection speksheni
inspection uchunguzi
inspection ukaguzi
inspect kagua
inspector inspekta
inspector kachero
inspector mkaguzi
inspector mpelelezi
inspectors makachero
inspectors wakaguzi
inspectors wapelelezi
inspect usoro
instant sasa
institution chuo
institutions mataasisi
institutions vyuo
institution taasisi
instruction agizo
instruction elezo
instruction magizo
instruction shauri
instructions maagizo
instructions maelezo
instructions mashauri
instructions nadharia
instrument ala
instrument chombo
insulting words
insulting varanga
insult matusi
insults matusi
insult tukana
insult tusi
insurance bima
integrity uadilifu
intelligent akili
intentional makusudi
intention azma
intention gharadhi
intention nia
intercourse ngono
intercourse uhusiano
interest maslahi
interest riba
interfere kinga
interfere kinza
interim kaimu
interjection kihisishi
interjection kiingizi
intermediary walanguzi
international kimataifa
international news
international taarifa
international za
international kimataifa
Internet intaneti
interpretation tafsiri
interpretation ufasiri
interpreter mkalimani
interrogate hoji
interruption hitilafu
interrupt katiza
interview mahojiano
intestine utumbo
in the
in past
in katika
in wakati
in uliopita
intonation kiimbo
intonations viimbo
introduction dibaji
introduction utangulizi
invent buni
invention uvumbuzi
invertebrate wasouti
investigate chunguza
investigate dadisi
investigate ukale
investigator mchunguzi
investigators wachunguzi
investment uwekezaji
investor mwekezaji
investors waekezaji
invest wekeza
invisibility hali
invisibility ya
invisibility kutoonekana
Invisible Pink
Invisible Unicorn
Invisible Pembemoja
Invisible Asiyeonekana
Invisible wa
Invisible Pinki
invisible -si-onekana
invitation mwaliko
invoice ankra
iodine aidini
iranian ajemi
Iranian Kiajemi
Iranian Mwajemi
Iranian Mwirani
Iranians Wairani
Iran Irani
Iran Uajemi
Iraqi Kiiraki
Iraqi Mwiraki
Iraq Iraki
Iraqis Wairaki
Ireland Ayalandi
iris airisi
Irishman Mwayalandi
Irishman Mweire
Irish Mwayalandi
Irish Wayalandi
iron box
iron pasi
iron chuma
iron pasa
ironsheet bati
iron sheets
iron mabati
irons man
irons mhunzi
ironware chuma
irony kejeli
isha isha
Islamic festive
Islamic zafa
islamic kiislamu
Islamic law
Islamic masala
Islamic prophet
Islamic mohamed
islam uislamu
Islam Uislamu
island kisiwa
islands visiwa
Israeli lsiraeli
Israeli Mwisraeli
Israel Israeli
Israelis Waisraeli
Israeli wayahudi
issues mambo
issues maswala
issue suala
issue swala
-ist -isti
-ist m-
-ist mwana-
Italian Kiitalia
Italian Kiitaliano
Italian Mwitali
Italian Mwitalia
Italian Mwitaliano
Italian Republic
Italian Jamhuri
Italian ya
Italian Italia
Italians Waitaliano
Italy Italia
Italy Uitali
item kifaa
item vifaa
-ity u-
Ivorean Mkodivaa
Ivoreans Wakodivaa
Ivorian Kikodivaa
Ivorian Mkodivaa
Ivory Coast
Ivory Kodivaa
ivy lablabu
ivy mwefeu
I want
I to
I go
I to
I the
I toilet
I nataka
I kwenda
I msalani
jackal mbweha
jacket jaketi
jacket kabuti
jackets majaketi
jackfruit fenesi
jackfruit mfenesi
jack ghulamu
jack mzungu
jack wa
jack tatu
Jacob Yaakub
jade rangi
jade ya
jade yakuti
jade kijani
jade yakuti
jade kijani
jaggery sukari
jaggery nguuru
jaguar jagwa
jail gereza
jail jela
Jamaica Jamaika
Jamaican Kijamaika
Jamaican Mjamaika
Jamaicans Wajamaika
jambul zambarau
jam jemu
jam msongamano
jams misongamano
January januari
January Januari
Japanese kijapani
Japanese Kijapani
Japanese language
Japanese kijapani
Japanese mjapani
Japanese Mjapani
Japan japan
Japan Japani
jarbua terapon
jarbua ngagu
jargon istilahi
jasmine afu
jasmine asumini
jasper yaspa
jazz jazi
jealous person
jealous mwivu
jealousy gere
jealousy machungu
jealousy wivu
jealousy wizu
Jehovah's Witnesses
Jehovah's Mashahidi
Jehovah's wa
Jehovah's Yehova
Jehovah Yehova
jelly fish
jelly pono
jelous persons
jelous wawivu
jerrycan kibuyu
jerrycan ndege
jersey jezi
jerseys majezi
Jerusalem Yerusalemu
Jesus Christ
Jesus Yesu
Jesus Kristo
Jesus Isa
Jesus yesu
Jesus Yesu
jet jeti
jet mtambo
jet plane
jet eropleni
jet ya
jet jeti
jet plane
jet jeti
jet rafadha
jets majeti
jewel johari
Jewish kiyahudi
Jew Myahudi
Jews wayahudi
Jew wayahudi
jigger funza
jigger worm
jigger bamvua
jihad jihadi
Joanna Yoana
job application
job ardha
Job Ayubu
John the
John Baptist
John Yohane
John Mbatizaji
John Yohana
joke kasheshe
joke kichekesho
joke mzaha
joke utani
Jonah Yona
Jordanian Kiyordani
Jordanian Myordani
Jordanians Wayordani
Jordan Yordani
Joseph Yusufu
journal daftari
journalist mwanahabari
journal jarida
journals majarida
journey safari
journey safiri
joyful shouting
joyful chereko
joy furaha
jubilee jubilii
jubilee Yubile
Judaism Uyahudi
Judas Yuda
Judea Uyahudi
judge hakimu
judge hakimu
judge mkazi
judge hakimu
judge mkuu
judge jaji
judges mahakimu
judges wakuu
Judges Waamuzi
judging ujaji
judgment day
judgment kiama
judgment hesabu
judgment hukumu
judo judo
jug jagi
jugs majagi
juice juisi
juice jusi
juice maji
juice maji
juice ya
juice machungwa
July julai
jump on
jump and
jump hold
jump dandia
jump on
jump denki
junction makutano
June juni
jungle mwitu
jungle mwituni
juniper berry
juniper beri
juniper ya
juniper mreteni
juniper mreteni
Juno Juno
jupiter jupita
Jupiter Jupita
Jupiter Mshtarii
Jupiter Sumbula
just adili
Kaaba Kaaba
Kabaa Kaaba
kachumber kachumbari
kadhi kadhi
Kamba Mkamba
Kampuchea Kampuchia
Kampuchean Mkampuchia
Kampucheans Wakampuchia
kangaroo kangaroo
kangaroo kangaruu
kanji kanji
kaswida kaswida
katana katana
Kazakh Kikazaki
Kazakh Mkazaki
Kazakhstan Kazakistani
Kazakhstan Ukazaki
Kazakhs Wakazaki
kebab mshikaki
keen uangalifu
keep hifadhi
kehe zunga
kenya Kenya
Kenya Kenya
Kenyan English
Kenyan kiingereza
Kenyan cha
Kenyan kenya
Kenyan Mkenya
Kenyans Wakenya
kerosene kerosini
kettle birika
kettles mabirika
key fungua
key ufungu
key ufunguo
Khartoum Khartoum
khat miraa
khat mirungi
Khrushchev Krushchov
kick teke
kiddish utoto
kid mwanambuzi
kidnap nyara
kidnap teka
kidnap nyara
kidney figo
kids wanambuzi
Kikuyu Kikikuyu
Kikuyuland Ukikuyu
Kikuyu Mkikuyu
kilimanjaro kilimanjaro
Kilimanjaro Kilimanjaro
killer mwuaji
kill kuua
kilogram kilo
kilo kilo
kilometer kilomita
kilometre kilometa
kimono kimono
kind aina
kindness uungwana
kingdom himaya
kingdom ufalme
king mfalme
king mzungu
king wa
king nne
king shehe
kings wafalme
kinsman ndugu
kiosk kioski
Kirgyz Mkirigizi
Kirgyzstan Kirigistani
Kirgyz Wakirigizi
Kirundi Kirundi
kiss ass
kiss barakala
kiss busu
kiss nonea
kitchen jiko
kitchen jikoni
kitchen meko
kite mwewe
klipspringer mbuzi
klipspringer mawe
knacker mchunaji
knackers wachunaji
knave ghulamu
knee goti
kneel kupiga
kneel magoti
knees magoti
knife kisu
knife makali
knife ya
knife kisu
knives visu
knob kirungu
knock hodi
knot funda
knot fundo
knots mafundo
know fahamu
know kujua
knowledge maarifa
Kongo Kikongo
koran Kurani
koran msahafu
Korea korea
Korea Korea
Korean Kikorea
Korean Mkorea
koreans wakorea
Koreans Wakorea
Korean ya
Korean Korea
Kosovo Kosovo
kudu tandala
Kuwaiti Mkuwaiti
Kuwaitis Wakuwaiti
Kuwait Kuwait
Kuwait Kuwaiti
kwashiokor chirwa
Kyrgyz Kikirigizi
Kyrgyz Mkirigizi
Kyrgyzstan Kirigizia
Kyrgyzstan Kirigizistani
Kyrgyzstan Ukirigizi
label lebo
labels malebo
laboratory maabara
labour laws
labour sheria
labour za
labour mfanyikazi
labour leba
lack utovu
ladder ngazi
lady bibi
ladybirds mabunzi
lady msichana
lady mwanamwali
lake jito
lake majito
Lake Victoria
Lake Ziwa
Lake Victoria
lake ziwa
lakh lakhi
lakh laki
lamb mwanakondoo
lambs wanakondoo
lamp taa
land ardhi
land arthi
landlord mpangishaji
landlords wapangishaji
language ki-
language lugha
lantern fanusi
lantern karabai
lantern kikoroboi
lantern koroboi
Laos Laos
Laotian Mlaosi
Laotians Walaosi
large kubwa
large metal
large pot
large legeni
last born
last kitindamimba
last born
last kitinda
last mimba
last borns
last vitinda
last mimba
last dumu
last respect
last heshima
last ya
last mwisho
last week
last wiki
last jana
last year
last mwaka
last jana
late chelewa
late marehemu
Lateran Laterani
later baadaye
Latin America
Latin Amerika
Latin ya
Latin Kilatini
Latin Kilatini
Latin Kirumi
Latin Mhispaniki
Lativia Lativia
Latvian Mlativia
Latvians Walativia
laugh cheka
laughter cheko
laughter kicheko
laurel mbei
laurel taji
laurel la
laurel mbei
lava lava
lavender mrujuani
lavender urujuani
lawful halali
law kanuni
lawns maua
lawn ua
law sheria
lawyer mwanasheria
lawyers mawakili
lawyers wanasheria
lawyer wakili
laziness uvivu
laziness uzembe
laziness uzrembe
Lazio Lazio
lazybones lofa
lazy legevu
lazy mlegevu
lazy utepetevu
leader kiongozi
leader mtawala
leadership mwongozo
leadership uongozi
leadership utawala
leaders viongozi
leaders watawala
lead ongoza
lead tawala
leaf jani
leaf msahafu
league ligi
League of
League Nations
League Shirikisho
League la
League Mataifa
leagues maligi
leak usalata
lean egemea
learn funza
learn pata
learn habari
leather a
leather ngozi
leather sandal
leather ndara
leave kuondoka
leaven chachu
leaven hamira
leaves majani
leaves mani
leave toka
Lebanese Mlebanoni
Lebanese Walebanoni
Lebanon Lebanon
Lebanon Lebanoni
lecturer mkufunzi
ledger leja
leech mruba
left kushoto
left over
left masalio
left overs
left maporo
left over
left uporo
left side
left kushoto
legal halali
legendary -a
legendary kihekaya
legend hekaya
legend kigano
legitimate child
legitimate mwanahalali
legitimate children
legitimate wanahalali
leg mguu
legs miguu
leg sura
lemonade maji
lemonade ya
lemonade limau
lemon limau
lemon mdimu
lemon ndimu
lend azima
lend kopesha
length urefu
lenses malenzi
lens lenzi
lentils adesi
lent kwaresima
Leo Asadi
leopard chui
Leo Simba
leprosy ukoma
lesbianism ushoga
lesbian shoga
Lesotho Lesoto
-less bila
less chache
lesson funzo
lessons mafunzo
lesson somo
letter barua
letter herufi
letters mabarua
letters saruji
letter waraka
lettuce saladi
leutenant colonel
leutenant luteni-kanali
leutenant colonels
leutenant maluteni-kanali
Levite Mlawi
lexicographer mwanaleksikografia
lexicography leksikografia
liar ayari
liar mdanganyifu
liar mghilibu
liar mlaghai
liar mwongo
liar rui
liars wadanganyifu
liars waghilibu
liars waongo
Liberia Liberia
Liberian Kilberia
Liberian Kiliberi
Liberian Mliberi
Liberian Mliberia
Liberians Waliberia
Liberia Uliberi
Libra Mizani
library maktaba
Libya Libya
Libyan Kilibya
Libyan Mlibya
Libyans Walibya
licence leseni
license lenseni
licenses malenseni
licit halali
lick pumba
lid kifuniko
lids vifuniko
Liechtensteiner Mlishenteni
Liechtensteiners Walishenteni
Liechtenstein Lishenteni
lie kengo
lie pweteka
lies ghalati
lie uongo
lie urongo
lieutenant luteni
lie utesi
lie uwongo
life aushi
life maisha
life sever
life boats
life mashuaokozi
life trend
life msisimko
life wa
life maisha
life trends
life misisimko
life ya
life maisha
life uhai
lift eleveta
lift kipandishi
lift lifti
light bulb
light balbu
lighter vibiriti
lighter vya
lighter chuma
lighthouse mnara
light mwanga
light mwangaza
lightning umeme
light nuru
light sahali
light washa
light wepesi
light year
light mwaka
light wa
light nuru
like kama
like kupenda
likewise kadhalika
lime chokaa
lime dimu
lime juice
lime maji
lime ya
lime ndimu
lime mdimu
lime ndimu
limp chopi
lineage jadi
lineage kizazi
lineage uzao
line mstari
lines mistari
Lingala Kilingala
linguistics isimu
linguist mwanaisimu
lion cub
lion shibli
lion simba
liquid cash
liquid taslimu
liquid majimaji
listener msikilizaji
listen sikiliza
listen sikiza
list kuorodesha
list orotha
literature fasihi
liter lita
lithium lithi
Lithuania Litwania
Lithuanian Mlitwania
Lithuanians Walitwania
litre lita
little kidogo
live ishi
liver ini
liver maini
livers maini
living hai
living room
living sebule
lizard mjusi
load mzigo
load upakuzi
loafer lofa
loafers malofa
loaf mkate
loan mikopo
loan mkopo
loans mikopo
locust nzige
lofty refu
log gogo
logic mantiki
log kikingi
logo chapa
logo rajamu
logos machapa
logs vikingi
London London
loneliness pweke
loneliness upweke
long ago
long kale
long ago
long zamani
long rains
long masika
long refu
longsword upanga
longsword mrefu
look angalia
loophole tundu
loose chegele
Lord Bwana
Lord's Prayer
Lord's Baba
Lord's yetu
lorry lori
loser mshindwa
loss hasara
lotion uturi
lottery bahati
lottery nasibu
lotus lotasi
lotus yungiyungi
lotus la
lotus kimisri
louse chawa
love huba
love kupenda
love mahuba
love mapenzi
lover azizi
lover hawara
lover kiosha
lover roho
lover laazizi
lover mchumba
lover mpenzi
lover muhibu
lover nyonale
lovers mahawara
lovers viosha
lovers roho
lovers wapenzi
love upendo
low case
low of
low a
low ship
low chichi
lower shusha
low key
low chinichini
low pay
low malipo
low duni
lraqi mwanairaki
lslam kislamu
luck bahati
luck nasibu
Luganda Kiganda
luggage mzigo
luggages mizigo
lukewarm Fufutende
lunatic mwendawazimu
lunatics wendawazimu
lunch chakula
lunch cha
lunch mchana
lung buhumu
lung cancer
lung saratani
lung ya
lung mapafu
lung pafu
lungs mapafu
lungs mayavuyavu
lung yavuyavu
Luo Kijaluo
Luo Mjaluo
lust shahawa
lute gambusi
Lutheranism Ulutheri
Lutheran Kilutheri
Lutheran Mlutheri
Lutrinae nusufamilia
Lutrinae ya
Lutrinae fisi-maji
Luxembourger Mlasembagi
Luxembourgers Walasembagi
Luxembourg Lasembagi
lychee gulabi
lychee mgulabi
lychee mshokishoki
lychee shokishoki
lying ghiliba
lynx linksi
Lyons Lyon
lyre kinubi
lyre kidogo
lyre lira
maalim maalim
maam memsahib
Maasai Kimasai
Maasai Mmasai
macadamia nut
macadamia makadamia
Macedonia Masedonia
Macedonian Mmasedonia
Macedonians Wamasedonia
machete panga
machine mashine
machine mashini
Madagascar Bukini
Madagascar Madagaska
madman chakaramu
madman chizi
madmen machizi
mad person
mad afkani
mad person
mad butu
mad person
mad majununi
mad person
mad pungwani
madrasah madrasa
magazine jarida
magistrate hakimu
magistrates mahakimu
magma magma
magnesium magnesi
magnetic -a
magnetic sumaku
magnetic compass
magnetic dira
magnetic field
magnetic uga
magnetic wa
magnetic sumaku
magnet sumaku
mahogany mtondoo
maid mfanyikazi
maids wafanyikazi
maid wafanyikazi
mainland bara
mainland China
mainland Uchina
mainland Bara
maintain dumisha
maize hindi
maize muhindi
maizes mahindi
major general
major meja
major jenerali
major meja
Major Meja
Majors Mameja
make up
make kipodozi
make ups
make vipodozi
Malachi Malaki
Malagasay Mbukini
Malagasay Wabukini
Malagasy Kibukini
Malagasy Mbukini
malaria malaria
Malawian Kimalawi
Malawian Mmalawi
Malawians Wamalawi
Malawi Malawi
Malaysia Malesia
Malaysian Mmalesia
Malaysians Wamalesia
Maldives Maldova
Maldivian Mmaldova
Maldivians Mamaldova
male animal
male tovi
male camel
male galimu
male camels
male magalimu
male child
male waladi
male dume
male kiume
male slave
male mtwana
Malian Kimali
Malian Mmali
Malians Wamali
Mali mali
Mali Mali
malleability usumaku
Malta Malta
Maltese Mmalta
manage mudu
manager meneja
managers mameneja
manatee manatii
Manchuria Manchuria
Mandarin Kimandarini
mandolin gambusi
mandolin ndogo
man-eating mla-watu
mango embe
mangoes maembe
mango juice
mango maji
mango ya
mango maembe
mango mango
mango mwembe
manhood uume
manioc muhogo
man mwanamme
man mwanamume
manna mana
mannerless person
mannerless chepe
mannikin chigi
mannikin tongo
man rijali
mansion jumba
mansions majumba
manufacture unda
manure mbolea
manure mboleya
many ingi
many wengi
maple mshira
map ramani
marasmus utapiamlo
marathon mbio
marathon za
marathon nyika
march machi
March machi
marigold kalendula
marigold tageta
marijuana bangi
marimba marimba
mark alama
marker pen
marker alama
market chete
market plan
market mpango
market wa
market soko
market plans
market mipango
market ya
market soko
markets masoko
market soko
mark maki
Mark Marko
marks maki
marriage ndoa
marry funga
marry ndoa
marry kuoa
marry oa
marry oza
Mars Maazi
Mars Meriki
Mars Mirihi
Mary Maryamu
mascara wanja
mask barakoa
mason mjenzi
mason mwashi
mass misa
mass mshikano
mast mlingoti
masturbate punyeto
masturbation punyeto
matatu matatu
matches michuano
match kibiriti
match mashindano
match mchuano
match mechi
maternal uncle
maternal mjomba
mathematician mwanahisabati
mathematics hisabati
mat jamvi
mat mkeka
mat mswala
mattresses magodoro
mattress godoro
mattress mto
mat zuliani
Mauritania Moritania
Mauritanian Kimoritani
Mauritanian Kimoritania
Mauritanian Mmoritani
Mauritanian Mmoritania
Mauritanians Wamoritania
Mauritania Umoritani
Mauritian Creole
Mauritian Kimorisi
Mauritian Kimorisi
Mauritian Mmorisi
Mauritians Wamorisi
Mauritius Morisi
May mei
mayor diwani
mayor meya
mayors madiwani
Mayotte Maore
may the
may Force
may be
may with
may you
may Na
may Kipawa
may Kiwa
may Nawe
meaning maana
mean people
mean wabanifu
mean person
mean bedui
mean person
mean mbanifu
means viombo
mean viombo
measles surua
measles ukambi
measurement kipimo
measurements vipimo
measure pima
meat ball
meat kababu
meat balls
meat makababu
meat nyama
Mecca Makka
mecca mecca
mechanic makanika
medal nishani
media chombo
media cha
media habari
media house
media vyombo
media vya
media habari
mediator mpatanishi
medicine dawa
medicines madawa
medicine udaktari
meditate tafakari
Mediterranean Sea
Mediterranean Bahari
Mediterranean ya
Mediterranean Kati
Mediterranean Sea
Mediterranean Bahari
Mediterranean ya
Mediterranean Mediteranea
Medusa Medusa
meerkat nguchiro
meerkat wa
meerkat porini
meeting mkusanyiko
meeting mkutano
meet kukutana
megabat popo
megabat mkubwa
Megachiroptera Nusuoda
Megachiroptera ya
Megachiroptera popo
Megachiroptera wakubwa
member mshiriki
member mwanachama
member of
member parliament
member mbunge
Member of
Member Parliament
Member mbunge
membership uanachama
members of
members parliament
members wabunge
members wanachama
members washiriki
memoir kumbukumbu
memorandum arifa
mendicant mwombaji
menstruation hedhi
mental kichaa
men wanaume
mercenary mamluki
merchant mfanyabiashara
Mercury Merkyuri
Mercury Utaridi
mercury zebaki
Mercury Zebaki
mercy huruma
mercy rehema
mercy shufaka
merry Christmas
merry heri
merry ya
merry Krismasi
merry Christmas
merry Krismasi
merry njema
message ujumbe
messenger tarishi
mess mesi
metal metali
metamorphosis metamofosi
metaphor sitiari
metaphysics metafizikia
meteorologist mtabiri
meteorologist wa
meteorologist hali
meteorologist ya
meteorologist anga
meteorologists watabiri
meteorologists wa
meteorologists hali
meteorologists ya
meteorologists anga
meteorology meteorolojia
meter mita
method mbinu
metre meta
metre mita
Mexican Kimeksiko
Mexican Mmeksiko
Mexicans Wameksiko
Mexico City
Mexico mji
Mexico wa
Mexico Meksiko
Mexico Meksiko
microphone kikuza
microphone sauti
microphone kinasasauti
microphone kipaza
microphone sauti
microphone mikrofoni
microphones vikuza
microphones sauti
microphones vipaza
microphones sauti
microscope darubini
microscope ya
microscope vidudu
microscope hadubini
microscope mikroskopu
midday mchana
middle aged
middle umri
middle wa
middle makamu
middle kati
middleman mlanguzi
middlemen walanguzi
midget kibete
midwife mkunga
midwifery ukunga
midwives wakunga
might kudura
milk kama
milk maziwa
milkshake sharubati
millennium milenia
millet mtama
millilitre mililita
millimetre milimeta
millimetre milimita
millionaire bwanyenye
million milioni
millipede jongoo
minaret mnara
min bus
min matatu
mine chimbo
mine mgodi
mineral madini
mine shimo
mines machimbo
minimal duni
minister for
minister environment
minister waziri
minister wa
minister mazingira
minister for
minister Justice
minister waziri
minister wa
minister haki
minister for
minister security
minister waziri
minister wa
minister usalama
ministers for
ministers environment
ministers mawaziri
ministers wa
ministers mazingira
ministers for
ministers justice
ministers mawaziri
ministers wa
ministers haki
ministers for
ministers security
ministers mawaziri
ministers wa
ministers usalama
ministers mawaziri
minister waziri
ministry of
ministry agriculture
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry ukulima
ministry of
ministry finance
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry fedha
ministry of
ministry foreign
ministry affairs
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry mambo
ministry ya
ministry nje
ministry of
ministry health
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry afya
ministry of
ministry home
ministry affairs
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry mambo
ministry ya
ministry nyumbani
ministry of
ministry immigration
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry uhamiaji
ministry of
ministry justice
ministry wizara
ministry ya
ministry haki
ministry wizara
mink minki
mint mnanaa
mint nanaa
mint rangi
mint ya
mint nanaa
minute dakika
miracle jaala
miracle kioja
miracle muujiza
miracle mwujiza
Miriam Mariamu
mirror kio
mirror kioo
miser mbahili
missionary mmisionari
mission misheni
mistake kosa
mistake makosa
mister mwinyi
mistreat dhulma
mistreat mateso
miusiam makavazi
mix changanya
mixed drum
mixed sounds
mixed lele
mixed mseto
mixture changamano
mixture mchanganyiko
mixture mkorogo
mixtures michanganyiko
mixtures mikorogo
Mnemosyne Mnemosine
mobile phone
mobile rununu
mobile phone
mobile simu
mobile ya
mobile mkononi
mobile phones
mobile marununu
mob ramramu
moderate asteaste
mohammed mohammed
moist breath
moist vivizi
moist mzizimo
moist zizima
molar gego
molars magego
Moldova Moldova
Moldovan Mmoldova
molecule molekuli
mole fuko
mole mfuko
mole rat
mole fuko
moles mafuko
moment kitambo
moment nukta
monastery monasteri
monday jumatatu
Monday Jumatatu
money fedha
money ghawazi
money ndarama
money pesa
money plant
money chazi
money shilingi
Mongolia Mongolia
Mongolian Kimongolia
Mongolian Mmongolia
Mongolians Wamongolia
mongoose nguchiro
monitor lizard
monitor kenge
monkey nyani
monkey tumbili
monkey tumbiri
Monopoly Kumiliki
Monopoly Ukiritimba
monotreme mamalia
monotreme atagaye
monotreme mayai
month mwezi
months miezi
moon mwezi
Moon mwezi
moonshine chang'aa
moorhen kukuziwa
moose elki
moose kongoni
moose wa
moose Kaskazini
mop deki
morale morali
morgue mochari
morning asubuhi
morning che
morning glory
morning ipomea
morning greeting
morning sabahi
morning liamba
Moroccan Kimoroko
Moroccan Mmoroko
Moroccans Wamoroko
Morocco Maroko
Morocco Moroko
morphology mofolojia
mortar kinu
mortars vinu
mortgage rehani
mortuary mochari
Moscow Misko
Moscow Moscow
Moses Musa
Mosotho msoto
Mosotho Msoto
mosque msikiti
mosquito mbu
mosquito net
mosquito chandarua
mosquito net
mosquito kiandarua
mosquito cha
mosquito mbu
mosquito nets
mosquito viandarua
mosquito vya
mosquito mbu
mosquito nets
mosquito vyandarua
motherhood umama
mother in
mother law
mother mamamkwe
mother mama
mother nana
mothers akina
mothers mama
mothers manana
moth nondo
motion picture
motion kikale
motivator motisha
motor bike
motor Pikipiki
motorboat motaboti
motor boat
motor motoboti
motorcycle pikipiki
motor mota
mountain mlima
mountains milima
mount Everest
mount mlima
mount Evarest
Mount Everest
Mount mlima
Mount Evarest
Mount of
Mount Olives
Mount mlima
Mount wa
Mount Mizeituni
mount rikabu
mourner mfiwa
mourn fiwa
mourn jitimail
mousebird kuzumburu
mousebird pasa
mouse kipanya
moustache kionja-mchuzi
moustache masharubu
mouth kinywa
mouth mdomo
mouths midomo
mouths vinywa
move hama
movement mfuatano
movements mifuatano
move peleka
move songa
movie filamu
Mozambican Kimsumbiji
Mozambican Mumsumbiji
Mozambiquean Mumsumbiji
Mozambique Msumbiji
Mozambique Wasumbiji
Mr Bw
Mrs Bi
mubal game
mubal kamare
mucus kamasi
mudguard madigadi
mud tope
Muhammad Muhammad
mulberry forosadi
mulberry forsadi
mulberry mforsadi
mulberry rangi
mulberry ya
mulberry maforsadi
mule baghala
mule nyumbu
multiply zidi
mummy mumiani
mum nina
municipality manispaa
murderer muuaji
murderer mwangamizi
murderer mwuaji
murderers waangamizaji
murderers wauaji
murram moramu
muscle msuli
muscles misuli
Muse Muza
museum makumbusho
mushroom kuvu
mushroom uyoga
musician mwanamuziki
musician mwimbaji
music muziki
music mziki
musk zabadi
muslim mwiislamu
Muslim mwiislamu
Muslim Mwislamu
muslims waislamu
must budi
must lazima
mutant ambaye
mutant chembe
mutant za
mutant urithi
mutant zilibadilika
mutant mutanti
mutant mwenye
mutant chembe
mutant za
mutant urithi
mutant zilizobadilika
mutant mwenye
mutant mabadiliko
mutant ya
mutant kinasaba
mutant ya
mutant kimutanti
mutation mabadiliko
mutation mabadiliko
mutation ya
mutation chembe
mutation za
mutation urithi
muteness ububu
mutton nyama
mutton ya
mutton kondoo
my choice
my chaguo
my langu
my name
my is
my jina
my langu
my ni
my name
my is
my naitwa
my right
my haki
my yangu
myrrh manemane
myrtle mhadasi
mysterious kidube
mystery kilinge
mystery siri
mythology mitholojia
mzungu mzungu
nafas mwanya
Nahuatl Kiazteki
Nahuatl Kinahuatl
nail kucha
nail msumari
nail ukucha
Nairobi Nairobi
naked tuputupu
naked uchi
name jina
names majina
name taja
Namibia Namibia
Namibian Mnamibia
Namibians Wanamibia
nannies walezi
nanny mlezi
nanny yaya
nappier grass
nappier ndago
narcissus mnasisa
narrate dokeza
narrate eleza
narrate simua
Natalie Natalia
national anthem
national wimbo
national wa
national taifa
national congresses
national makongamano
national ya
national kimataifa
national congress
national kongamano
national la
national kitaifa
national executive
national committee
national of
national environment
national halmashauri
national ya
national mazingira
national executive
national committees
national of
national environment
national halmashauri
national za
national mazingira
nationalism utaifa
nationality uraya
nationality utaifa
national security
national usama
national wa
national nchi
national teams
national timu
national za
national taifa
national team
national timu
national ya
national taifa
nationhood utaifa
nations mataifa
nation taifa
native mshamba
native mzalia
native mzaliwa
natives wazalia
natural language
natural lugha
natural asilia
natural uasili
nature mazingira
naughtyness usumbi
Nauruan Kinauru
Nauruan Mnauru
Nauruans Wanauru
Nauru Nauru
nausea kichefuchefu
Navajo Kinavaho
Navajo Mnavaho
Navajo Wanavaho
navels vitovu
navy jeshi
navy la
navy wanamaji
necklace kidani
necklace kingaja
necklace shanga
necklaces vingaja
neck shingo
necktie tai
nectar mbochi
need haja
need hitaji
needle sindano
needs matakwa
need uhitaji
neem mwarobaini
neighborhood mtaa
neighborhood ujirani
neighbourhood mtaa
neighbourhoods mitaa
neighbour jirani
neighbour majirani
neighbours majirani
neon light
neon kimulimuli
neon lights
neon vimulimuli
neon neoni
Nepalese Mnepali
Nepalese Wanepali
Nepal Nepal
Nepal Nepali
nephew mpwa
Neptune Kausi
Neptune Neptuni
nereid nereidi
-ness u-
nest kiota
nestling kinda
Netherlands Uholanzi
neti neti
net kiandarua
nets viandarua
net wavu
network mtandao
neutral person
neutral wasta
neutron nyutroni
new example
new kigezo
new kipya
new examples
new vigezo
new vipya
new generation
new kizazi
new kipia
new geni
New Guinea
New Guinea
New Mpya
new jipya
new kigeni
new kipya
new mpya
new pya
news habari
newspaper gazeti
newspaper magazeti
New Testament
New Agano
New Jipya
New World
New Mpya
New wa
New Dunia
New Year
New mwaka
New mpya
New Year's
New Day
New siku
New ya
New mwaka
New York
New City
New New
New York
New Zealander
New Mnyuzilandi
New Zealanders
New Wanyuzilandi
New Zealand
New Nyuzilandi
next kando
next week
next wiki
next ijayo
next year
next mwakani
ngozi kingozi
Nicaragua Nikaragwa
Nicaraguan Kinikaragwa
Nicaraguan Mnikaragwa
Nicaraguans Wanikaragwa
nice nzuri
Nicholas Nikolau
nickel kitano
nickname msimbo
nicknames misimbo
nicotine nikotin
nicotine nikotini
niece mpwa
nieces wapwa
Nigeria Nijeria
Nigerian Kinijeria
Nigerian Mnijeria
Nigerians Wanijeria
Nigerien Kinijeri
Nigerien Mnijeri
Niger Nijeri
night heron
night kingoyo
night jioni
nightmare jinamizi
nightmares majinamizi
night usiku
nill nunge
nimbus ghubari
nine kenda
nine tisa
ninety tisini
ninth ya
ninth tisa
nipple nyonyo
nipples manyonyo
nitrogen nitrojeni
Noah Nuhu
no hakuna
no hapana
noise kelele
noise sura
noise ukemi
non-governmental organization
non-governmental Shirika
non-governmental Lisilo
non-governmental la
non-governmental Kiserikali
nonsence upuzi
nonsense pwaji
nonsense upuuzi
noon adhuhuri
noon adhuuri
noon mchana
noon saa
noon sita
noose kitanzi
no problem
no hakuna
no matata
Nordic countries
Nordic Uskandinavi
normal kaida
normal kawaida
Norse -a
Norse Kinorsi
Norse Kinorsi
Norse Wanorsi
North Africa
North Afrika
North ya
North Kaskazini
North America
North Amerika
North ya
North Kaskazini
Northern Europe
Northern Ulaya
Northern ya
Northern Kazkazini
north hanali
north kaskazi
north kaskazini
North Korea
North Korea
North Kaskazini
North Korea
North Korea
North ya
North Kaskazini
Norway Norwe
Norwegian Mnorwe
Norwegians Wanorwe
nose pua
noses mapua
no si
no sivyo
no smoking
no hakuna
no kuvuta
no sigara
nostril tundu
nostril la
nostril pua
nosy people
nosy wadaku
nosy people
nosy wambeya
nosy person
nosy kiduhushi
nosy person
nosy mbeya
nosy person
nosy mdaku
nosy persons
nosy viduhushi
notebook daftari
note noti
notes manoti
notice notisi
notice tangazo
not kine
not zogo
not si
noun class
noun ngeli
noun jina
noun kiima
noun nomino
novel pya
novel riwaya
november novemba
nowadays siku
nowadays hizi
No zii
nshima ugali
nucleus nyukliasi
numbat numbati
number namba
number nambari
nun sista
nurse muuguzi
nursery nasari
nurse uguza
nurse yaya
nursing uuguzi
nutmeg kungumanga
nut nati
nut njugu
nyarirwa faulu
nymph mwanamwali
nymph nimfi
oak mwaloni
oath kiapo
Obama Obama
obedience taa
obedient people
obedient watiifu
obedient person
obedient mtiifu
obey tii
objective shabaha
oboe nzumari
oboe ndogo
observation mtazamo
observations mitazamo
observe shika
obtain pata
Occitan Kiositani
occupation shughuli
occurrence jambo
occurrence kadhia
ocean bahari
october oktoba
octopus pweza
odour kutuzi
of a
of age
of komaa
offender mkosefu
offenders wakosefu
offering sadaka
offerings matoleo
offering toleo
office afisi
office ofisi
officer afisa
officer afisaa
officer ofisa
officers maafisa
officers maofisa
official rasmi
offspring watoto
ogre babe
ogre jitu
ogre pandikizi
ogre la
ogre mtu
ogres majitu
oil oili
ointment marhamu
okra bamia
okra mbamia
Old English
Old Kiingereza
Old cha
Old Kale
old Greek
old kinyuni
old ladies
old maajuza
old lady
old ajuza
old man
old bamkubwa
old man
old mzee
old man
old shaibu
old mkongwe
Old Testament
Old Agano
Old la
Old Kale
old ukale
old zee
olive tree
olive mzeituni
olive zeituni
Olympic Games
Olympic Michezo
Olympic ya
Olympic Olimpiki
Omani Mwomani
Omanis Waomani
Oman Omani
once upon
once a
once time
once hapo
once zamani
once za
once kale
one eyed
one chongo
one moja
oneness pamoja
oneness umoja
one wahedi
one who
one prepares
one mwandalizi
one who
one pulverizes
one mtwanzi
onion kitungu
onion saumu
onion kitunguu
onions vitunguu
only peke
onomatopoeia tanakali
onyx sardoniki
open fungua
open funguka
openness uwazi
open wazi
operation operesheni
operator opereta
operators maopereta
opinion oni
opinions maoni
opium afyuni
opossum kifaurongo
opponent mpinzani
opponents wapinzani
opportunity fursa
opportunity nafasi
opposite kinyume
opposition upinzani
oppress tesa
orange chungwa
orange juice
orange maji
orange ya
orange machungwa
orange machungwa
orange mchungwa
orange rangi
orange ya
orange machungwa
oranges machungwa
orator msemaji
or au
order amri
order amrisha
order oda
Oresund Oresund
organization shirika
organizations mashirika
organize panga
organs maungo
organ ungo
original halisi
origin asili
Orinoco Orinoco
ornament maridadi
orphan mfiwa
orphan mtoto
orphan yatima
orphan mwanamkiwa
orphans mayatima
orphans wanamkiwa
orphans watoto
orphans yatima
orphan yatima
orthography otografia
orthography tahajia
oryx choroa
osprey kipungu
ostrich mbuni
otter ota
Ouagadougou Wagadugu
oud udi
ounce wakia
our choice
our chaguo
our latu
our -etu
Our Lady
Our of
Our Sorrows
Our Bikira
Our Maria
Our wa
Our Mateso
our rights
our haki
our zetu
our star
our nyota
our wetu
outfits mavazi
outfit vazi
outpour mkurupuko
outpours mikurupuko
outside nje
oval duara
oval dafu
overall msurupwenye
overall ovaroli
overalls maovaroli
overalls masurupwenye
overalls misurupwenye
overall surupwenye
overcoat dagla
overjoy bashasha
overnight stay
overnight kesha
overseer msimamizi
overseers wasimamizi
overtime ovataimu
owl bundi
owner mmiliki
owner mwenyewe
ownership umiliki
owners wamiliki
owners wenyewe
own miliki
oxen mafahali
ox fahali
oxide oksaidi
ox ng
ox ombe
oxygen oksijeni
oxygen oxygenia
pace mwendo
Pacific Ocean
Pacific Pasifiki
packet pakiti
packets mapakiti
pact agano
padlock kifuli
padlock kofuli
padlock kufuli
padlocks makufuli
padlocks vifuli
pad pedi
paganism ukafiri
pagan kafiri
pagan mpagani
pagans wapagani
page kurasa
pages makurasa
page ukurasa
pain maumivi
pain maumivu
pain pakanga
paint rangi
pain uchungu
pain uma
pain umwa
pair of
pair compasses
pair bikari
Pakistani Mpakistani
Pakistanis Wapakistani
Pakistan Pakistani
palace jum
palace kasri
palaces majum
palate kaakaa
palates makaakaa
Palau Islands
Palau Palau
Palau Mpalau
Palau Wapalau
Palestine Palestina
Palestinian Mpalestina
Palestinians Wapalestina
Pallas Palasi
palm fruit
palm ng'ongo
palm kiganja
palm kikofi
palm leaf
palm ukuti
palm leaves
palm kuti
palm nut
palm chikichi
palm nuts
palm machikichi
palm oil
palm tree
palm mchikichi
palms maganja
palms vikofi
palm tree
palm mchikichi
Panamanian Kipanama
Panamanian Mpanama
Panama Panama
Panamian Mpanama
Panamians Wapanama
pancreas kongosho
panel jopo
panga panga
pangolin kakakuona
panic taharuki
pan sufuria
papaya mpapai
papaya papai
papaya papayu
paper karatasi
papers makaratasi
Papua New
Papua Guinea
Papua Papua
Papuan Mpapua
Papuans Wapapua
Paradise pepo
paraffin mafuta
paraffin taa
Paraguayan Kiparagwai
Paraguayan Mparagwai
Paraguayans Waparagwai
Paraguay Paragwai
parallelogram msambamba
paraphrase falisi
parasite kimelea
parasites vimelea
parastatal halmashauri
pardon msamaha
parenthood uzazi
parent mvyele
parent mzazi
parents wavyele
parents wazazi
Paris Paris
parking egesho
parking lot
parking egezo
parking uegeshaji
park kuegesha
park mbuga
parliament bill
parliament msuada
parliament bunge
parrot dura
parrot kasuku
parrot kwao
part aria
part gawa
parthenogenesis mimbapweke
participant mhusika
participate shiriki
particle chembe
particle chembechembe
particle punje
particles machembe
particles machembechembe
parties vyama
part sehemu
party chama
party kundi
party safu
passage mapito
passage pito
passages mapito
passenger abiria
passer-by mwenda
pass kupita
Passover Pasaka
passport pasi
passport paspoti
passports mapaspoti
password nywila
paste bandika
paste bandiko
pastoralists jamii
pastoralists za
pastoralists ufugaji
pastrolists jamii
pastrolists ya
pastrolists ufugaji
past yaliyopita
patches viraka
patch kiraka
paternal aunt
paternal shangazi
paternal uncle
paternal ami
paternal uncle
paternal amu
path kichochoro
path ujia
patience subira
patience subra
patience uvumilivu
patient mgonjwa
patient muwele
patriotism uzalendo
patriot mzalendo
patriots wazalendo
paucity uchache
paucity uhaba
Paul Paulo
pauper fukara
pawpaw papai
pawpaws mapapai
pawpaw tree
pawpaw mpapai
pawpaw trees
pawpaw mipapai
pay lipa
payment malipo
peace amani
peace salama
peach pichi
peacock tausi
pea dengu
peanut butter
peanut siagi
peanut ya
peanut karanga
peanut karanga
peanut njugu
peanut njugumawe
peanut njugunyasa
pearl lulu
pear pea
pear peasi
peasant falahi
peasant mkata
pecan mpekani
pecan pekani
peck dona
pedal pedeli
pee gura
peek kilele
peel ganda
peel menya
peep chungulia
pelican mwari
pelicans waari
Pemba Pemba
pencil penseli
penetrate ingia
penis mboo
penis uume
pen jela
pen kalamu
pennies mapeni
penny peni
pen seli
pen zizi
people missing
people fingers
people or
people toes
people mabuge
People of
People the
People Book
People Watu
People wa
People Kitabu
People's Republic
People's of
People's China
People's Jamhuri
People's ya
People's Watu
People's wa
People's China
Peoples Republic
Peoples of
Peoples Laoti
Peoples Laosi
pepper mpilipili
pepper pilipili
pepper pilipili
pepper hoho
pepper pilipili
pepper manga
pepper plant
pepper mpilipili
perceive tambua
percentage asilimia
percent asilimia
perfection ukamilifu
perfection uthabiti
perfect makini
perform shika
perfume bottle
perfume mrashi
perfume manukato
perfume marashi
perhaps huenda
perhaps pingine
perineum msamba
perinum msamba
period awamu
period majira
period mda
period muda
period nukta
period zamani
Perissodactyla Wanyama
Perissodactyla wenye
Perissodactyla kwato
Perissodactyla witiri
permissible halali
permission idhini
permission ruhusa
permit kibali
permits vibali
permit vibali
persecute udhi
perseverance kingoto
perseverance ustahimili
persevere dumu
persevere stahimili
Persian Gulf
Persian Ghuba
Persian ya
Persian Uajemi
Persian Kiajemi
Persian Mwajemi
person missing
person finger
person or
person toe
person buge
person mtu
persons watu
Peru Peruu
Peruvian Kiperuu
Peruvian Mperuu
Peruvians Waperuu
pest kimela
pestle mpini
petal petali
Peter Petro
petrel mlinzi
petrol petroli
petticoat kirinda
petticoats virinda
petticot kamisi
pewter -a
pewter pyuta
pewter pyuta
pewter rangi
pewter ya
pewter pyuta
pharaoh firauni
pharisee farisayo
Pharisee farisayo
Pharisee mfarisayo
Pharisee Mfarisayo
Pharisees Wafarisayo
Philipine Mfilipino
Philippians Wafilipi
Philippines Ufilipino
Philistine Mfilisti
Phillipines Filipino
philosopher mwanafalsafa
philosophers wasomi
philosophy falsafa
phlegm kohozi
phlegm makohozi
Phocoenidae familia
Phocoenidae ya
Phocoenidae pomboo
Phocoenidae mdogo
phone number
phone nambari
phone ya
phone simu
phone numbers
phone nambari
phone za
phone simu
phonetics fonetiki
phonograph santuri
phonology fonolojia
phosphorus fosforasi
photocopy machine
photocopy mashini
photocopy ya
photocopy chapa
photocopy machines
photocopy mashini
photocopy za
photocopy chapa
photographer mpigapicha
photosynthesis usanisinuru
Physeteridae familia
Physeteridae ya
Physeteridae nyangumi-spemaseti
physicist mwanafizikia
physicists wanafizikia
physics fizikia
piano kinanda
piano piano
piccolo filimbi
piccolo ndogo
pick dondoa
pick pocketers
pick vibaka
pick pocket
pick kibaka
pick up
pick okota
picture picha
pictures mapicha
pidgin pijini
piece gawo
piece kipande
piece pande
piece sarafu
pieces vipande
piece vipande
pigeon hua
pigeon njiwa
pig nguruwe
pilaf pilau
piles baasili
piles bawasiri
piles kikundu
piles mjiko
piles puru
pillar jabali
pillar majabali
pillars majabali
pill kidonge
pillow case
pillow foronya
pillow mto
pilot marubani
pilot mwanahewa
pilot rubani
pilots marubani
pilots wanahewa
pimp buzi
pimp kuwadi
pimple kipele
pimple uvimbe
pimps makuwadi
pin bandika
pineapple mnanasi
pineapple nanasi
pineapples mananasi
pinecone sunobari
pine msonobari
pine nut
pine njugu
pine ya
pine msonobari
pink waridi
Pinnipedia wanyama
Pinnipedia wenye
Pinnipedia miguu-mapezi
Pinocchio Pinokyo
pin pini
pint painti
pipe bomba
pipe clay
pipe choki
pipe digali
pipe kiko
pipes viko
piracy uharamia
pirate haramia
pirates maharamia
Pisces Hutu
Pisces Samaki
pistachio fistiki
pistachio mfistiki
pistol bastola
pistol mtondoo
pitcher gudulia
pitcher nzio
pitchers magudulia
pit shimo
place mahail
place mahala
place mahali
place pahali
place weka
plane ndege
plane randa
planes maranda
planet sayare
planet sayari
plan mkakati
plan mpango
plan mpango
plan tekelezi
plans mikakati
plans mipango
plans mipango
plans tekelezi
plantation shamba
planting upanzi
plant mmea
plants mimea
plasma utegili
plasticine zafe
plastic plastiki
plate sahani
platypus kinyamadege
play cheza
player mchezaji
players wachezaji
playground kiwanja
playing card
playing karata
play maigizo
play mchezo
play tamthilia
please tafadhali
pleasure anasa
Pleiades Kilimia
plug plagi
plumber's snake
plumber's nyoka
plum mzambarau
plums mzambarau
plum zambarau
plural akthari
plural wingi
pluto pluto
Pluto Pluto
pneumonia kichomi
pneumonia mkamba
pneumonia nimonia
poacher mwindaji
poacher haramu
poachers wawindaji
poachers haramu
poaching ujangili
pod tumba
poem shairi
poems mashairi
poem ushairi
poet malenga
poet mshairi
poetry ushairi
pointer akrabu
point nukta
point pointi
poisoned food
poisoned chakula
poisoned cha
poisoned sumu
poison sumu
poker kamari
Poland Polandi
Poland Upoli
polar bear
polar dubu
polar barafu
Polaris Polaris
pole mlingoti
Pole Mpoli
poles milingoti
Pole Wapoli
police officer
police afisa
police wa
police polisi
police officer
police afisa
police wa
police usalama
police officers
police maafisa
police wa
police usalama
police polisi
police trainee
police kurutu
police trainees
police makurutu
policies masera
policy and
policy orders
policy sera
policy na
policy taratibu
policy sera
polio ugonjwa
polio wa
polio kupooza
polish kipoland
Polish Kipolandi
Polish Kipoli
Polish Mpoli
Polish Wapoli
polite upole
political leader
political kiongozi
political wa
political siasa
political leaders
political viongozi
political wa
political siasa
political party
political chama
political scientist
political mwanasiasa
politician mwanasiasa
politics siasa
pollen chavua
pollination uchavushaji
polygon pembenyingi
polytheism upolitheisti
polytheism ushirikina
polytheist mshirikina
pomegranate komamanga
pomegranate kudhumani
pomegranate mkomamanga
pomegranate tree
pomegranate mkomamanga
poor man
poor mnyonge
poor masikini
poor maskini
poor people
poor wasionacho
popcorn bisi
pope papa
poplar mlibua
poplar mpopla
poppy mpopi
poppy rangi
poppy ya
poppy mipopi
popular maarufu
porcupine nungunungu
pork kitimoto
pork nyama
pork ya
pork nguruwe
pornography ponografia
porpoise poposi
porridge uji
port bandari
port city
port bandari
porter hamali
porter mfinyanzi
port mabandari
portrait picha
ports mabandari
Portugal Ureno
Portuguese Kireno
Portuguese Mreno
Portuguese Wareno
Poseidon Poseidoni
possibility uweza
possibility uwezekano
postage stamp
postage stempu
postal address
postal sanduku
postal la
postal posta
postcard postkadi
post office
post posta
postponement ahirisho
potassium potasiamu
potatoes viazi
potato kiazi
potato kiazi
potato ulaya
pot belly
pot kitambi
pot buli
pot chungu
pot mtungi
pot nyungu
potsherd gae
pots vyungu
potter mfinyanzi
potter wasp
potter bunzi
pottery ufinyanzi
pound pauni
pound ratili
pour miminika
pour mwaga
poverty ufukara
poverty umasikini
poverty umaskini
powder poda
power nguvu
powersaw jambeni
powersaws majambeni
prairie dog
prairie kijibwanyika
praise shangilia
praise utukufu
prawn kilendo
prawn uduvi
prayer sala
prayer service
prayer ibada
prayer swala
prayer swali
pray omba
pray sala
pray sali
preacher mhubiri
preach tangaza
precede tangulia
predict bashiri
prediction utabiri
predictive nabihi
predictives manabihi
predict tabiri
preface madibaji
pregnancy himila
pregnancy mimba
pregnancy ujauzito
pregnant mja
pregnant mzito
pregnant wajamzito
pregnant women
pregnant waja
pregnant wazito
preparation maandalizi
preparation mapema
preparations matayarisho
preparation tayari
preparation utayarishi
prepare andaa
prepare andalia
preposition kihusishi
prepuce govi
presenter mtangazaji
presenters watangazaji
presidency urais
president rais
pretzel pretseli
preys mawindo
prey windo
price bei
price for
price blood
price donation
price arshi
pride daha
pride fahari
pride gogi
pride magogi
pride majivuno
pride maringo
priest kasisi
priest kuhani
priest padri
prime minister
prime waziri
prime mkuu
prince mkuu
princess malkia
principal mkuu
principle jikita
priority kipaumbele
prisoner habusu
prisoner mabusu
prisoner mfungwa
prisoner mhabusu
prisoners mahabusu
prison jela
prison police
prison askari
prison jela
private company
private kampuni
private ya
private kibinafsi
private hair
private mvuzi
private institution
private chuo
private cha
private kibinafsi
private institutions
private vyuo
private vya
private kibinafsi
private part
private sehenu
private nyeti
problem ila
problem kizaazaa
problem masaibu
problem muholelo
problem shida
problem taabu
problem tatizo
problem walakini
procedure mtindo
proceed tangulia
procreation jamiana
produce zao
professor profesa
proffessional stadi
profit dahili
profit faida
profit kipato
profit mafao
program kipindi
programme ratiba
program programu
programs vipindi
progress maendeleo
project miradi
project mradi
projects miradi
promegranates makomamanga
promegranates makudhumani
promegranate trees
promegranate mikomamanga
promiscuity uzinzi
promise ahadi
promise ahidi
pronoun dhamiri
pronoun kijina
pronoun kitenzi
pronoun jina
pronoun kiwakilishi
pronunciation matamshi
proof dhibitisho
propaganda kasumba
propeller rafadha
propeller rafardha
propellers marafadha
prophecy utabiri
prophesy tabiri
prophesy unabii
prophet mtume
prophet nabii
prop nguzo
proposal pendekezo
proposals mapendekezo
prosecution reports
prosecution taarifa
prosecution za
prosecution mashtaka
prosecution report
prosecution taarifa
prosecution ya
prosecution mashtaka
prosecution shtaki
prosecutor kiongozi
prosecutor wa
prosecutor mashtaka
prosecutors viongozi
prosecutors wa
prosecutors mashtaka
proselyte mwongofu
prosperity fanaka
prostitute changudoa
prostitute kahaba
prostitute kiberenge
prostitute kibiriti
prostitute ngoma
prostitute malaya
prostitutes makahaba
prostitutes viberenge
prostitute ukahaba
prostitution reresha
prostitution ukahaba
prostitution umalaya
protection kinga
protect kukinga
protect linda
protein protini
Protestantism Uprotestanti
Protestant Mprotestanti
protest maandamano
protractor kipimapembe
prove hakiki
proverb methali
Proverbs Mithali
prove thibitisho
province jimbo
province mkoa
province mkoani
provinces majimbo
provinces mikoa
Psalms chuo
Psalms cha
Psalms Zaburi
psalm zaburi
psychology saikolojia
psycologist mwanasaikolojia
psycologists wanasaikolojia
pterodactyl pterodaktilo
puberty balehe
pubic hair
pubic vinyuzi
pubic hair
pubic vuzi
pub kilabu
public transport
public usafiri
public wa
public umma
public umma
pudding pudini
puff adder
puff moma
puffadder moma
pulley kopi
pulley roda
pulleys vikopi
pull kuvuta
pulpit dungu
pulpit mimbari
pulp uji
pulp uji
pumpkin boga
pumpkin maboga
pumpkin malenge
punch konde
puncture panchari
punctures mapanchari
punish adhibu
punishment adhabu
purify chuja
purify safisha
purify takasa
purity usafi
purple heron
purple pondagundi
purple udhurungi
purpose kusudi
purse kibeti
purse mfuko
purse pochi
push kusukuma
pus usaha
put tia
pyrethrum pareto
pyrethrum plant
pyrethrum mpareto
Pythagoras Pithagoras
python bafe
python chatu
pythons mabafe
qadi kadhi
Qatari Mkatari
Qataris Wakatari
Qatar Katari
qibla kibla
quail tombo
qualify fuzu
quality thing
quality wanga
quarrel ugomvi
quarter robo
quarter to
quarter kasorobo
quartz kwatsi
quater finals
quater robo
quater fainali
Quebec Kwebeki
queen malka
queen malkia
queen mzungu
queen wa
queen pili
querry tashwishi
questions maswali
question swali
question uliza
quiver podo
quiver pongono
quiver zaka
quiver ziaka
quiz chemsha
quiz bongo
quot nuku
quot nukuu
Quran Kuran
Qur'an Kurani
Quran Kurhan
rabbi kuhani
rabbit sungura
race mbio
race resi
racism ubaguzi
racism wa
racism rangi
racket raketi
rackets maraketi
radio cassette
radio rediokaseti
radio radio
radio redio
radios maredio
raft awesia
raft nchoro
rage mdadi
rage midadi
rages vikiraka
rag kitambara
ragout raguu
raid uvamizi
railway line
railway reli
railway station
railway stesheni
railway ya
railway treni
rainbow upinde
rainbow wa
rainbow mvua
rain gauge
rain kipimamvua
rain gauges
rain vipimamvua
rain kunyesha
rain manyunyu
rain mvua
rainy season
rainy majira
rainy ya
rainy mvua
raise from
raise the
raise dead
raise fufua
Rajab Rajabu
rake reki
Ramadan Ramadhani
ramadhan ramadhani
rand randi
range masafa
rank cheo
ranks nyadhifa
rank wadhifa
ransom fidia
rape baka
rape ubakaji
rapist mbakaji
rapist mende
rapist mnajisi
rapist mula
rapists wanajisi
rash upele
raspberry mrasiberi
raspberry rangi
raspberry ya
raspberry rasiberi
raspberry rasiberi
ratio uwiano
rat panya
rattle kayamba
rattles makayamba
raven kunguru
raw bichi
ray kianga
razor blade
razor kijembe
razor blade
razor wembe
razorblade wembe
reaction mmenyuko
reader msomaji
reader msomi
readership usomaji
read soma
read somea
ready komaa
ready tayari
really kweli
reason ajili
reason sababu
rebel asi
receipt resiti
receipt risiti
receive laki
receive pokea
recent karibuni
recently majuzi
reception mapokezi
reconcile patanisha
reconciliation suluhu
record rekodi
records marekodi
recovering afueni
recovering ahueni
recover pona
recruit sajili
rectangle mstatili
rectangles mistatili
recyclable waste
recyclable bwambwa
red ant
red chaki
red ants
red machaki
red blood
red cell
red seli
red nyekundu
red ya
red damu
red cross
red msalaba
red mwekundu
redcurrant mtunda
redcurrant bukini
redcurrant mwekundu
redcurrant tunda
redcurrant bukini
redcurrant jekundu
redness wekundu
red nyekundu
red pepper
red pilipi
red hoho
Red Sea
Red Bahari
Red ya
Red Shamu
red snapper
red kudu
red snappers
red makudu
reeds matete
reed tete
referal hospital
referal hospitali
referal ya
referal rufaa
referal hospitals
referal hospitali
referal za
referal rufaa
refer refari
refrain susa
refresh changamko
refresh changamsha
refridgerator majokofu
refrigerator friji
refrigerator jokofu
refrigerator mashine
refrigerator ya
refrigerator barafu
refugee mkimbizi
refugee mlowezi
refuse dinda
refuse gairi
refuse kanusha
refuse kanusho
refuse kataa
refuse on
refuse it
refuse kwamia
regret juta
regret juto
regret sikitiko
regrets majuto
regrets masikitiko
reindeer kulungu
reindeer aktiki
reindeer mbawala
reindeer aktiki
rejoice shangilia
relashionship uchumba
relationship husiano
relationship uhusiano
relation ukoo
relative akraba
relative jamaa
relative ndugu
relatives wajamaa
relief faraja
religion dini
religious kidini
religious leader
religious kiongozi
religious wa
religious dini
religious order
religious utawa
reluctance uzohali
remains bakaa
remains baki
remains mabaki
remains saliyo
remember kumbuka
remission ondoleo
remove toa
renovation ukarabati
repair rekebisha
repay lipa
repentance kitubio
repentance vitubio
repent tubu
repetition uradidi
reporter mwanahabari
report ripoti
report taarifa
repremand ikabu
representative mjumbe
representative mwakilishi
representatives wajumbe
representatives wawakilishi
representative wajumbe
represent wakilisha
reproduce jamiiana
republic jamhuri
Republic of
Republic Ireland
Republic Ayalandi
Republic of
Republic Ireland
Republic Ueire
Republic of
Republic South
Republic Africa
Republic iRiphabhulikhi
Republic yeNingizimu
Republic Afrika
Republic of
Republic the
Republic Congo
Republic Jamhuri
Republic ya
Republic Kongo
reputation hadhi
request maombi
request ombi
requests maombi
rescue okoa
researcher mdadisi
researcher mtafiti
researchers wadadisi
researchers watafiti
research utafiti
resemble chukuana
resemble fanana
residence makao
resident makaazi
resident makao
resident mkaazi
resident mkazi
resident mwenyeji
residents wakaazi
resignation mucsidjr
resource raslimali
resources rasilimali
resources raslimali
respect adabu
respectful uadhilifu
respect heshima
respect heshimu
respect taadhima
respect tii
respect utii
respect utiifu
response kiitikio
responses viitikio
responsibilities majukumu
responsibility daraka
responsibility jukumu
responsibility madaraka
responsibility majukumu
responsibility wajibu
restaurant diro
results matokeo
result tokeo
resurrection ufufuo
retail rejareja
return rudi
return rudia
reveal dhihirisha
reveal fichua
reveal funulia
revelation ufunuo
Revelation Ufunuo
revenge kisasi
revolutionary mpinduzi
revolution geuza
revolution mageuzi
revolution mapinduzi
rhea nandu
Rhea Rea
rhetorical balagha
rhetorical questions
rhetorical maswali
rhetorical balagha
rhetorical question
rhetorical swali
rhetorical balagha
rhinoceros kifaru
rhino faru
rhino kifaru
rhinos vifaru
rhombus almasi
rhumba rumba
rhyme kina
rhymes vina
rhythm mahadhi
rib mbavu
rice cake
rice kibibi
rice flour
rice bwibwi
rice mchele
rice mpunga
rice wali
rich matajiri
rich nation
rich nchi
rich tajiri
rich tajiri
riddle fumbo
riddle mafumbo
riddles mafumbo
ridge utiko
rift valley
rift bonde
rift la
rift ufa
right a
right kuume
right haki
right kulia
right mkono
right wa
right kulia
right mkono
right wa
right kuume
ring bizimu
ring finger
ring chanda
ring kengele
ring pete
rings mapete
ringworm bato
rise ondoka
river banks
river kingo
river za
river bahari
river mto
river nahani
rivers mito
road barabara
road njia
roamers zusha
roan antelope
roan korongo
roasted maize
roasted hindi
roasted choma
roast meat
roast nyama
roast choma
robber mnyang'anyi
robbers wanyang'anyi
robbery uizi
robbery with
robbery violence
robbery wizi
robbery wa
robbery kimabavu
robe kasula
rocket roketi
rock mwamba
rock ugingo
rod gongo
rods magongo
rogue ayari
rogue laghai
rogue mhuni
rogue mlaghai
rogue mshari
rogue ya
rogue balaa
rogue ya
rogue kilaghai
rogue ya
rogue shari
rogue yenye
rogue balaa
Roman Catholic
Roman Church
Roman Kenisa
Roman Katoliki
Romanian Mromania
Romanians Waromania
Romania Romania
Roman Mrumi
romans warume
Rome Roma
roof paa
room chumba
rooms vyumba
rooster jogoo
roosters majogoo
root mzizi
roots mizizi
rope kamba
rope utari
rorqual nyangumi
rorqual mwenye
rorqual mifuo
rorqual ya
rorqual kooni
rosary rozari
rosebush mwaridi
rose mwaridi
rose rangi
rose ya
rose waridi
Rose Roza
rose waridi
Rose Waridi
rostrum jukwaa
rot oza
rottol ratili
rot ukoka
round about
round mzunguko
round abouts
round mizunguko
round raundi
rowboat mtumbwi
row mstari
row safu
rubber kifutio
rubber raba
rubber stamp
rubber mhuri
rubbers vifutio
rubble fusi
rubbles mafusi
rub futa
ruby yakuti
rudder usukani
rude jeuri
rudeness utadi
rugby gori
rugby raga
rugby teams
rugby timu
rugby za
rugby raga
rugby team
rugby timu
rugby ya
rugby raga
rug kitamba
rugs vitambaa
ruin gofu
ruins gofu
ruins mahame
rule masharti
ruler chenezo
ruler masharti
rulers vyenezo
rules and
rules regulation
rules masharti
rule sharti
rumour monger
rumour chakubimbi
rumour uvumi
rumuor fununu
run away
run toroka
run kimbia
run kukimbia
rupee rupia
Russian Kirusi
russian mrashia
Russian mrashia
Russian Mrusi
Russians Warusi
Russia urusi
Russia Urusi
rust kutu
Rwanda Kinyarwanda
rwandan citizen
rwandan mrwanda
Rwandan Kinyarwanda
Rwandan Mnyarwanda
Rwandan Mrwanda
Rwanda Rwanda
Rwandese Mnyarwanda
Rwandese Wanyarwanda
sabotage susia
sack gunia
sacrament komunyo
sacrament sakramenti
sacrifice chinja
sacrifice dhabihu
sacrifice kafara
sacrifice muchanga
sacrifices makafara
saddle saruji
sadness huzuni
sadness jonzi
sadness majonzi
sadness simanzi
sad news
sad taarifa
sad za
sad tanzia
safari safari
safe mdumu
safe sefu
safes midumu
safety usalama
safe uganda
saffron mzafarani
saffron rangi
saffron ya
saffron zafarani
saffron zafarani
Sagittarius Kausi
Sagittarius Mshale
Sahara Sahara
sailboat dhau
sailor baharia
sailor mwanamaji
sailor mwanapwa
sailors wanamaji
sailors wanapwa
sail shira
sails mashira
Saint Lucian
Saint Kisantalusia
Saint Lucian
Saint Msantalusia
Saint Lucia
Saint Santalusia
saint mtakatifu
Saint Petersburg
Saint Sankt
Saint Peterburg
Saint Vincent
Saint and
Saint the
Saint Gradines
Saint Santavinsenti
Saint na
Saint Gradini
Saint Vincent
Saint and
Saint the
Saint Grenadines
Saint Santavisenti
Saint na
Saint Grenadini
salaam salaam
salaam salamu
salad saladi
salaries mishahara
salary mshahara
salat swala
sale muuzo
sales mauzo
sales perons
sales wauuzaji
sales person
sales muuzaji
sales persons
sales wauzaji
sale uzo
saliva mate
salivate rambita
salon saluni
salsa salsa
salt chumvi
salt munyu
Salvadoran Kielsavado
Salvadoran Mwelsavado
Salvodorian Mwelsavado
Salvodorians Waelsavado
Samaritan msamaria
same sawa
samosa sambusa
Samuel Samweli
sanction kwazo
sanctions kwazo
sandal kandambili
sand changarawe
sandles champali
sand mchanga
sandpaper msasa
sand paper
sand mseja
sane razini
Sanskrit Kisanskrit
santa claus
santa babakrismasi
Santa Lucian
Santa Msantalusia
Santa Lucians
Santa Wasantalusia
Santa Vincentian
Santa Msantavinsenti
Santa Vincentians
Santa Wasantavinsenti
S o
S Tom
S and
S Pr
S ncipe
S Sao
S Tome
S na
S Principe
Sao Tome
Sao Msaotome
Sao Tome
Sao Saotome
Sao Tome
Sao Wasaotome
sapphire yakuti
sapphire samawi
sap utomvu
sardine kumbu
sari sari
sash leso
sash shuka
sasquatch Saskwachi
Satan Ibilisi
satanic kiganga
Satan Shetani
satisfactory toshelezi
satisfy kidhi
saturday jumamosi
Saturday Jumamosi
Saturn Sarateni
Saturn Zohali
saucepan sufuria
Saudi Arabian
Saudi Msaudia
Saudi Arabians
Saudi Wasaudia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Saudia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi saudi
Saudi arabia
sausage soseji
save okoa
saving akiba
savings akiba
saviour mkombozi
sawidi msawidi
saw msumeno
saxophone harimuni
saxophone saksofoni
saxophones maharimuni
saying misemo
saying msemo
sayings misemo
scabies upele
scale mzani
scale skeli
scales mizani
scandal kashfa
Scandinavian -a
Scandinavian Kiskandinavi
Scandinavian -a
Scandinavian Uskandinavi
Scandinavian Mskandinavi
scarce nadra
scarcity tukizi
scarcity uchache
scarcity uhaba
scare ogofya
scares ukalili
scare ukalili
scar kovu
scarlet nyekundu
scars makovu
scenery mandhari
sceptre fimbo
sceptre ya
sceptre kifalme
scholar mwanachuoni
school of
school leaders
school shule
school ya
school viongozi
school shule
schools mashule
science fiction
science sayansi
science ya
science kubuniwa
science sayansi
scientist mwanasayansi
scientists mwana
scientists sayansi
scimitar kitara
scissor makasi
scissors mikasi
scissors mkasi
scone skonzi
scooter skuta
score funga
scorer mfungaji
Scorpio Akarabu
scorpion akrabu
Scorpio Nge
scorpion kisusuli
scorpion nge
Scotland Uskoti
scream nduru
screech owl
screech mtiti
screw driver
screw bisbisi
screw parafujo
screw pine
screw mkadi
screw pines
screw mikadi
scribe mwandishi
scrofula mlezi
scrotum korodani
sculptor sonara
sculpture kinyagu
scythe fyekeo
sea bahari
sea horse
sea mbuzi-bahari
sealing boat
sealing ngarawa
sea lion
sea simba
sea wa
sea bahari
seal sili
Sea of
Sea Japan
Sea Bahari
Sea ya
Sea Japani
search keketa
seas baharini
season msimu
seasons misimu
seat kiti
sea turtle
sea kasa
seaweed mwani
secondary school
secondary sekondari
second hand
second mtumba
second sekunde
second ya
second pili
secrecy siri
secrecy usiri
secretary karani
secretary katibu
secretary mhazili
secret kunga
secret meeting
secret kigwena
secret meetings
secret vigwena
secret siri
section kifungu
section kitengo
sector sekta
secure salamu
secure usalamu
security usalama
seedling chipukizi
seedling mche
seedlings machipukizi
seed mbegu
seed pembejeo
seed tumba
seed uzao
seizure kifafa
seldom nadra
selected teule
selfish mchoyo
selfishness uchoyo
selfish wachoyo
seller muuza
seller mwuzaji
sell uza
semantics semantiki
semen manii
semen shahawa
semi colon
semi alama
semi ya
semi nuktamkato
semicolon alama
semicolon ya
semicolon nuktamkato
semi finals
semi nusu
semi fainali
seminar warsha
seminer semina
senate seneti
sence ufahamu
Senegalese Kisenegali
Senegalese Msenegali
Senegalese Wasenegali
Senegal Senegali
sentence hukumu
sentence kifungo
sentence sentensi
sentences vifungo
sentense sentensi
separation utengaji
separation utengano
september septemba
sepulchre kaburi
sequoia sekwoya
Serbian kiserbia
sergeant sajini
series msururu
sermon suta
serpent joka
serval mondo
servant mtumishi
servant muhudumu
servants wahudumu
servants watumishi
servant utumishi
servaying usoroveya
serve hudumu
server soroveya
serve tumika
service huduma
service hudumia
serviceman mwanajeshi
set free
set achiliwa
set huru
set free
set weka
set huru
set sail
set tweka
set matanga
settelite setlaiti
set tua
seven saba
seventh ya
seventh saba
seventy sabini
several khadaa
sewing machine
sewing cherehani
sewing machines
sewing macherehani
sex ngono
sexual intercourse
sexual kutomba
sexually transmitted
sexually disease
sexually maradhi
sexually ya
sexually zinaa
Seychelles Shelisheli
Seychellois Kishelisheli
Seychellois Mshelisheli
Seyshelois Mshelisheli
Seyshelois Washelisheli
Sha'aban Shaabani
shadow kivuli
shadow uvuli
shaft shafti
shafts mashafti
shahada shahada
shaitan shetani
shake off
shake kung'uta
shalwar suruali
shame aibisha
shame aibu
shame fedheha
shame haya
shame izara
shame soni
shame tua
shape-shifter kibadilishaumbo
shape-shifter mgeuzi
shapes maumbo
shape umbo
share hisa
shareholder mweyehisa
shareholders mweyehisa
shares hisa
shares mgao
shark papa
sharpen chonga
sharpness makali
shawl kikoi
sheaf mganda
shed hori
shed zizi
sheep kondoo
sheik shehe
shelf rafu
shell bufuu
shell kaka
shells mabufuu
shelve daka
shepherd mchungaji
she yeye
shh usu
shield ngao
shift doria
shifters mavamizi
shilling shilingi
ship jahazi
ship meli
shirt shati
shiver sisimka
shock dharba
shock dharuba
shock mgutuo
shock mkutuo
shock mshtuko
shock mshtuo
shock shangaa
shocks migutuo
shocks mikutuo
shocks mishtuko
shocks mishtuo
shoe kiatu
shoe polish
shoe dawa
shoe ya
shoe viatu
shoes viatu
Shona Kishona
shooting star
shooting kimondo
shooting stars
shooting vimondo
shoot kupiga
shoot risasi
shop duka
shore pwaa
shore ukingo
shore wa
shore bahari
shortage uhaba
shortcoming dosari
short coming
short upungufu
short cut
short kichorochoro
short cut
short mkato
shortcut mkato
short cut
short njia
short ya
short mkato
short fupi
short kaptura
short kinyasa
short message
short services
short matini
short rains
short vuli
shorts kaptula
short sleeve
short shirt
short bushati
Shota Shota
shot kaptula
shoulder bega
shout kupiga
shout kilele
shouts mayowe
shout yowe
shove kumbo
shower kupiga
shower bafu
shower oga
showers manyunyu
show maonyesho
show off
show ringa
show onyesha
show onyesho
show shoo
shows maonyesho
shroud sanda
shrub miraa
shyness soni
sibling ndugu
sickle mundu
sickness ugonjwa
sick people
sick wagonjwa
side upande
Sierra Leonean
Sierra Kisieraleoni
Sierra Leonean
Sierra Msieraleoni
Sierra Leone
Sierra Siera
Sierra Leoni
Sierra Leonian
Sierra Msieralioni
Sierra Leonians
Sierra Wasieralioni
Sierra Leon
Sierra Siera
Sierra Leoni
sieve chungio
sieve kichujio
sieves vichujio
signal ishara
signature sahihi
signature saini
signatures masaini
sign dalili
signing sahihisho
sign ishara
sign of
sign the
sign cross
sign ishara
sign ya
sign msalaba
silence kimya
silk hariri
sill bado
silly bahau
silly mabahau
silver fedha
silver fir
silver mberoshi
silver fedha
similar lingana
simile kibadala
similes vibadala
simile tashbihi
since tangu
sin dhambi
Singaporean Msingapoo
Singaporeans Wasingapoo
Singapore Singapuri
sing imba
singular umoja
sink -zamisha
sinner mwenye
sinner dhambi
sins madhambi
siren kingora
siren king'ora
sirens ving'ora
sisal mkonge
sissy rambuza
sissys marambuza
sister dada
sister in
sister law
sister wifi
sister kibibi
sister umbu
sit down
sit kaa
sit kitako
sit keti
sit kukaa
sitting mkao
six sita
sixth ya
sixth sita
sixty sitini
skeleton kiunzi
skeleton cha
skeleton mifupa
skill kozi
skill uhodari
skin cancer
skin saratani
skin ya
skin ngozi
skin gamba
skin ngozi
skins magamba
skirt sketi
skull fuvu
skull la
skull kichwa
skunk kinyegere
sky anga
sky mbingu
slanderer mzushi
slanderes wazushi
slap kibao
slap kibare
slap kofi
slaps vibao
slaps vibare
slash signs
slash alama
slash za
slash mkwaju
slaughter chinja
slave falahi
slave mtumwa
slavery utumwa
slavery utwana
sleeper mlalaji
sleeping bag
sleeping kishupi
sleeping sickness
sleeping malale
sleep kulala
sleep usingizi
sleep with
sleep lala
slime zafe
sling kombeo
sling kumbwewe
sling teo
slipiness naumi
slipperiness utelezi
slop dimbwa
slope mteremko
slopes miteremko
sloth mwendapole
sloth slothi
sloth uvivu
Slovakia Slovakia
Slovakia Uslovaki
Slovak Kislovaki
Slovak Kislovakia
Slovak Mslovaki
Slovak Mslovakia
Slovaks Waslovaki
Slovanians Waslovenia
Slovenian Mslovenia
Slovenia Slovenia
slow aste
slow pole
slum kitongoji
slum duni
slum mtaa
slum duni
slums mitaa
slums duni
sly gea
sly upunjaji
small changa
small dogo
small kidogo
small lumb
small of
small flour
small on
small ugaly
small vumbo
small mdogo
small ndogo
small pieces
small chenge
small chenge
smallpox ndui
small sticks
small cherewa
small sticks
small njiti
small things
small vikorokoro
smell harufu
smile kicheko
smile nusa
smile tabasamu
smoke moshi
smooth laini
smoothness uteketeke
smooth nyororo
smooth sambamba
smooth wororo
snack kumbwe
snacks makumbwe
snail konokono
snake nyoka
snapper changu
snappers machangu
snatch bekua
sneez chafya
sneeze chemua
sneeze chichimua
snoring mkoromo
snow theluji
soap sabuni
soapstone kinoo
soapstones vinoo
soccer kandanda
soccer soka
soccer teams
soccer timu
soccer za
soccer kandanda
soccer team
soccer timu
soccer ya
soccer kandanda
Sochi Sochi
socialism ujamaa
socialism usoshalisti
society chama
society jamii
Socinian sociniani
sociolinguistics isimu
sociolinguistics jamii
sociology sosholojia
socket soketi
sock soksi
socks soksi
soda ash
soda magadi
soda soda
sodium natiri
sodium sodiamu
sodomise fira
so forth
so kadhalika
soft ororo
soil mchanga
soil udongo
solanum mnavu
soldier askari
soles masoli
sole soli
sole wayo
Solomon Islander
Solomon Msolomoni
Solomon Islanders
Solomon Wasolomoni
Solomon Islands
Solomon Solomoni
solution suluhisho
solution suluhu
solve tatua
solve utatuzi
Somalian Msomali
Somalians Wasomali
Somalia Somalia
Somalia Usomali
Somali Kisomali
Somali Msomali
sombre greenbul
sombre kuruwiji
some baadhi
someones' children
someones' ali
some thing
some bonge
sometimes pengine
son auladi
song nyimbo
song wimbo
son in
son law
son mkwe
son mtoto
son wa
son kiume
sons in
sons law
sons wakwe
Sophia Sofia
sorcerer mshirikina
sorceres washirikina
sore kidonda
sorghum mtama
sorry pole
Sotho Kisuthu
soul nafsi
soul roho
sound mlio
sound sauti
soupspoon kijiko
soupspoon cha
soupspoon supu
soup supu
sour chachu
sour kali
soursop mstafeli
soursop stafeli
sour uchachu
South Africa
South Afrika
South Kusini
South African
South Kiafrika
South Kusini
South African
South Mwafrika
South Kusini
South Africans
South Waafrika
South Kusini
South America
South Amerika
South ya
South Kusini
South Asia
South Asia
South ya
South Kusini
Southeast Asia
Southeast Asia
Southeast ya
Southeast Kusini-Mashariki
Southern Africa
Southern Afrika
Southern ya
Southern Kusini
South Korea
South Korea
South Kusini
South Korea
South Korea
South ya
South Kusini
south kusini
south monsoon
south kusi
South Sudan
South Sudan
South Kusini
Soviet Kisovyeti
Soviet Union
Soviet Muungano
Soviet wa
Soviet Sovieti
space fasi
space nafasi
space pengo
space uhuru
spade beleshi
spade shupaza
spades jembe
spades shupaza
spaghetti makaroni
spaghetti spageti
Spain Hispania
Spain Uhispani
Spaniard Mhispania
Spaniards Wahispania
spanish kihispania
Spanish Kihispania
spanner spana
spare spea
spark cheche
spark kiali
spark kimota
sparks macheche
sparks vimota
sparrow shomoro
speaker hatibu
speaker msemaji
speakers maspika
speaker spika
speak ongea
speak sema
speak zungumza
spear chusa
spear head
spear kigumba
spear mkuki
special invitation
special ujio
special maalum
species aina
species spishi
specific fulani
spectacles miwani
spectator mshabiki
speech bayani
speech hotuba
speech hutuba
speech usemi
speed haraka
speed kasi
speed spidi
spelling imla
spelling otografia
spelling tahajia
sperm whale
sperm nyangumi-shahawa
sphere mviringo
spherical object
spherical tufe
spian citizen
spian muhispani
spice achari
spice binzari
spice kiungo
spice viungo
spider buibui
spies majasusi
spies mapaparazi
spinach mdewere
spine uti
spine wa
spine mgomgo
spin sokota
spirit pepo
spirit roho
spirits nyoyo
spirits zimwi
spirit waragi
spitting cobra
spitting fira
spitting cobra
spitting swila
spleen wengu
split mgawanyiko
spoilt milk
spoilt mala
spokesman msemi
spokesperson msemi
spokes persons
spokes wasemaji
sponge sponji
sponser mdhamini
sponsers wadhamini
sponsor fadhili
sponsor mfadhili
sponsorship ufadhili
spoonbill domomwiko
spoon kijiko
spoon mwiko
spoons vijiko
sport riadha
sports michezo
sports news
sports habari
sports za
sports michezo
sport spoti
sports spoti
spot batobato
spot doa
spots madoa
spots madoadoa
spotted hyena
spotted kingugwa
spread enea
spread eneza
spread sambaa
spread sambaza
spread tandaza
spring chemichemi
spring kipindi
spring cha
spring demani
spring kisima
spring kosa
spring majira
spring ya
spring chipuko
spring masika
sprite kizimwi
sprout mea
spruce msprusi
spurge mkweche
sputum balaghamu
sputum kohozi
spy jasusi
spy majasusi
spy mpelelezi
spy paparazi
spy ujasusi
sqaures miraba
squander ufujaji
squander vuja
square mraba
squat otama
squeeze bana
squeeze chuja
squid pweza
squirrel kuchakulo
squirrels makuchakulo
Sri Jayawardenepura
Sri Kotte
Sri Sri
Sri Jayawardenapura
Sri Lankan
Sri Msirilanka
Sri Lankans
Sri Wasirilanka
Sri Lanka
Sri Sirilanka
stabilize imarisha
stable hodari
stable imarika
stable lmarisha
stables imarika
stables mahodari
stable ustawi
stadium uga
staff fimbo
stage ukumbi
stagnant water
stagnant dimbwi
stagnant water
stagnant maji
stagnant taka
stakeholder mshikadau
stakeholders washikadau
stalk uti
stall kibanda
stalls vibanda
stall vibanda
stamarer kigugumizi
stamina zihi
stamp stampu
standard sanifu
stand misimamo
stand msimamo
stand simama
stands misimamo
stand unstable
stand dede
stare duwaa
stare mzubao
stares mizubao
star nyota
start anza
start mwanzo
state dola
state hali
state house
state ikulu
state jamhuri
statement hoja
state nchi
station kituo
statistics takwimu
Statue of
Statue Liberty
Statue sanamu
Statue ya
Statue Uhuru
statue sanamu
stay kaa
stay ukaaji
steak steki
steal iba
steamer stima
steam muye
steam mvuke
steel chuma
steel cha
steel pua
steel feleji
steering wheel
steering usukani
stem shina
stems mashina
stench mnuko
stench uvundo
step hatua
Stephen Stefano
step- kambo
stern ukali
steroid pufya
steroids mapufya
steward wakili
stew kitoweo
stew mchuzi
stews michuzi
stews vitoweo
stick fimbo
stick kijiti
sticks vijiti
stick with
stick iron
stick tip
stick muo
stingingnettle weni
stinging rash
stinging upupu
stinging rash
stinging wambe
stink nuka
stir up
stir chochea
stiupd mpuzi
stomach cancer
stomach saratani
stomach ya
stomach tumbo
stomach tumbo
stomach utumbo
stone curlew
stone chekehukwa
stone jiwe
stone mawe
stool jarari
stool kigoda
stool kiroto
stools majarari
stools vigoda
stop koma
stopper kizibo
storage behewa
storage chest
storage kasha
storage chests
storage makasha
store hifadhi
storehouse ghala
storeroom ghala
storey sakafu
stork kongoti
stork korongo
storm dhoruba
storm halibari
storm tufani
story gumzo
story hadithi
story khabari
story ngano
story porojo
story soga
stove jiko
strangle nyonga
strategy mbinu
strawberry mstrouberi
strawberry rangi
strawberry ya
strawberry strouberi
strawberry strouberi
stream kijito
street barabara
street njia
street urchin
street chokora
street urchins
street machokora
strengthen imarisha
strength nguvu
strength uweza
stress jakamoyo
stretch rauni
strike keta
strike mgomo
strike migomo
striker mshambulizi
strikers washambulizi
strikes migomo
strings nyuzi
string ugwe
string uzi
stroke kiharusi
strong imara
stubborn mkaidi
stubborn mpingani
stubborn wakaidi
student mwanachuo
student mwanafunzi
student mwanagenzi
students mwanachuo
students wanachuo
students wanafunzi
students wanagenzi
studio studio
study taaluma
stump kisiki
stupid bunga
stupidity ujinga
stupid people
stupid mazuzu
stupid people
stupid vinyangarika
stupid people
stupid wapumbavu
stupid person
stupid baradhuli
stupid person
stupid kinyangarika
stupid person
stupid mpumbavu
stupid person
stupid zumbukuku
stupid person
stupid zuzu
stupid zebe
subject raia
subjects masomo
subject somo
sub location
sub kata
sub ndogo
submarine nyambizi
submarine sabmarini
submerged majini
substance virutubisho
subtract ondoa
suburb kiunga
succeed fanikiwa
succeed faulu
success fanaka
successor mwandamizi
successors waandamizi
such is
such life
such hivyo
such ndivyo
such maisha
such yalivyo
suck nyonya
Sudanese Kisudani
Sudanese Msudani
Sudanese Wasudani
Sudan Sudan
Sudan Sudani
sudden death
sudden fajaa
sudden ghafla
suddenly ghafula
Suez Canal
Suez Mfereji
Suez wa
Suez Suez
suffer from
suffer teseka
suffer teseka
suffice tosha
Sufism usufii
Sufi sufii
sugar apple
sugar mtopetope
sugarcane farm
sugarcane chalo
sugarcane farms
sugarcane machalo
sugar cane
sugar miwa
sugar cane
sugar muwa
sugar daddy
sugar buzi
sugar factories
sugar viwanda
sugar vya
sugar sukari
sugar factory
sugar kiwanda
sugar cha
sugar sukari
sugar maple
sugar mwaramoni
sugar sukari
sugar sukari
suicide jiua
suits masuti
suit suti
Sukuma Msukuma
sulfur kiberiti
sulfur salfa
sultanship usultani
sultan sultani
sumac mchengele
sum jumla
summary muhtasari
summer chaka
summer kiangazi
summer kipindi
summer cha
summer kiangazi
summer majira
summer ya
summer joto
sunbeam kianga
sunbeam mwonzi
sunbird chozi
sunday jumapili
Sunday Jumapili
sundial bonyeza
sunflower alizeti
sun jua
Sun Jua
sun kauka
sun miale
sun ya
sun jua
sunset ashiya
supergaty koroni
superhero shujaa
superhero wa
superhero ajabu
superhuman -a
superhuman binadamu
superhuman wa
superhuman ajabu
supermarket supamaketi
superpower uwezo
superpower wa
superpower ajabu
superstition ushirikana
supervision usimamizi
supervisor akida
supervisors maakida
supper chajio
support utetezi
sura sura
sure hakika
Surinamese Msurinamu
Surinamese Wasurinamu
Suriname Surinamu
surity hakika
surrounding mazingira
surveillance ulinzi
survivor nusura
survivors manusura
sushi sushi
suspect mshukiwa
suspect washukiwa
suspicion hatihati
suspicion tuhuma
Swahili kiswahili
Swahili Kiswahili
swallow mbayuwayu
swallow meza
swamp bwawa
swampy chepechepe
swan bata-maji
swarm jana
Swazi Kiswati
Swazi Kiswazi
Swaziland Uswazi
Swazi Mswati
Swazi Mswazi
Swazis Waswazi
swear apa
swear yamini
sweater fulana
sweater sweta
sweat hari
sweat jasho
sweat toa
sweat ungana
Swede Mswidi
Sweden Uswidi
Swedes Waswidi
Swedish Kiswidi
sweep fagia
sweet dreams
sweet ndoto
sweet njema
sweetheart pipi
sweetheart tamu
sweetness utamu
sweet peremende
sweet pipi
sweet potatoes
sweet viazi
sweet tamu
sweet potato
sweet kiazi
sweet kitamu
sweet potato
sweet kiazi
sweet tamu
sweet tamu
swell fura
swell kivimbe
swell kuvimba
swell vimba
swim kuogelea
swimmer mwogeleaji
swimmers waogeleaji
swimming costume
swimming nguo
swimming ya
swimming kuogelea
swimming costumes
swimming nguo
swimming za
swimming kuogelea
swindler mnafiki
swindlers wanafiki
Swiss Mswisi
switch swichi
Switzerland Uswisi
swollen kivimbe
sword fish
sword chuchunge
sword fishes
sword mapuju
swordfish mchumbururu
sword fish
sword puju
sword upanga
sycamore fig
sycamore kuyu
sycamore mkuyu
sycamore mwela
syllable silabi
symbolically mfano
sympathy juruma
symposium chilumbo
symposium kongamano
synonym kisawe
synonym sinonimu
synonyms visawe
synonym utata
syntax sintaksia
syphilis kaswende
Syracuse Syracuse
Syrian Msiria
Syrians Wasiria
Syria Siria
syringe sirinji
syrup asali
system mfumo
system mtindo
system utaratibu
sytems mifumo
table chetu
table meza
table of
table contents
table yaliyomo
taboo kidubwana
taboo mzio
taboos matambiko
taboos vidubwana
taboo tambiko
tailfin pezi
tailfin la
tailfin mkia
tail mkia
tailor fundi
tailor wa
tailor nguo
tailoring ushoni
tailor mshonaji
tailor's chalk
tailor's chaki
Taiwanese Kitaiwani
Taiwanese Mtaiwani
Taiwanese Wataiwani
Taiwan Taiwani
Tajikistani Tajikistani
Tajik Kitajiki
Tajik Mtajiki
Tajiks Watajiki
take care
take linda
take care
take of
take tunza
take chukua
taking oath
taking kuapa
takin takini
talent gawio
talent kipaji
talent kipawa
talents magawio
talents vipaji
talent talanta
talisman talasimu
talk nena
talk sema
talk zungumza
Tallinn Tallinn
tall mrefu
tall refu
tamarind mkwaju
tamarind ukwaju
Tanganyika Tanganyika
tangerine chenza
tangerine mchenza
tangerines machenza
tank kifaru
tank tangi
Tanzanian Mtanzania
Tanzanians Watanzania
Tanzania Tanzania
Tanzani tanzani
Taoism Utao
Taos Wataosi
tap bilula
tape kanda
tape measure
tape tepu
tape mesha
tap mfereji
tarantula bui
target dango
targeted lengwa
target lengwa
tarmac lami
taste kionjo
tastes vionjo
tatters mararu
tatters utambaa
Taurus Ng'ombe
Taurus Thauri
tax collector
tax mtoza
tax ushuru
taxis mateksi
taxi stand
taxi stendi
taxi ya
taxi teksi
taxi teksi
tax ushuru
Tbilisi Tbilisi
t buka
tea chai
teacher maalim
teacher mwalimu
teachers walimu
teach funza
teaching fundisho
teach kufundisha
tea factories
tea viwanda
tea vya
tea majani
tea factory
tea kiwanda
tea cha
tea majani
teak tree
teak msajili
tea leaves
tea majani
tea chai
team timu
tea plant
tea mchai
tear chana
tear chozi
tear mraruo
tears machozi
teaspoon kijiko
teaspoon cha
teaspoon chai
tea tree
tea mchai
tea trees
tea michai
technician mhandisi
technocracy teknokrasia
technology tekinolojia
technology teknolijia
technology teknologia
technology teknolojia
tectonic plate
tectonic bonde
tectonic la
tectonic ufa
teenager kijana
teeth meno
telekinesis telekinesi
telepathic kitelepathia
telepathy telepathia
telephone piga
telephone simu
telephone simu
telescope darubini
television runinga
television televisheni
tell ambia
temperature halijoto
tempest dhoruba
temple hekalu
templet kigezo
templets vigezo
temptation jaribu
temptation majaribu
temptation ushawishi
tenant mpangaji
tenants wapangaji
ten ashara
Ten Commandments
Ten Amri
Ten Kumi
ten kumi
Tennessee Tenesii
tennis tenisi
tense nahau
tense wakati
tent hema
tenth ya
tenth kumi
terminal illness
terminal chamka
terminology istilahi
termite kumbikumbi
termite mchwa
territory eneo
territory wilaya
terrorist gaidi
terrorists magaidi
terrorist ugaidi
testament agano
testicle kende
testicle pumbu
testimony shuhuda
testimony ushahidi
testimony ushuhuda
test jaribio
test majaribio
tests majaribio
tetanus pepopunda
text buku
text message
text ujumbe
text mfupi
text nakala
text puku
Thai Kithai
Thailand Tailandi
Thailand Uthai
Thai Mtai
Thai Mthai
Thais Watai
Thai Wathai
thanks asante
thanks fadhila
thank shukuru
than kuliko
thank you
thank asante
thank you
thank shukrani
thank you
thank very
thank much
thank asante
thank sana
that kwamba
that place
that kuko
that which
that washes
that kiosha
that which
that washes
that viosha
theater thiata
theater ukumbi
theft wivi
theft wizi
The Hague
The Den
The Haag
their -ake
then kisha
therefore basi
there humo
there is
there pana
thermometer kipimajoto
thermometers vipimajoto
thermometer vikipimajoto
thermometre kipimajoto
thermometre themometa
these days
these siku
these hizi
the ya
they wao
they yeye
thick nene
thick-tailed bushbaby
thick-tailed komba
thick-tailed mkubwa
thief mnyang'anyi
thief mwizi
thief mzandiki
thief pwagu
thieves wezi
thigh ago
thigh paja
thighs maago
thighs mapaja
thighs mapaji
thimble kastabini
thimble kustabani
thing kitu
things vitu
thing vitu
think fikiri
thin konda
thin mwembamba
thin thread
thin kimia
thin threads
thin vimia
third ya
third tatu
thirst kiu
thirtieth thelathini
thirty thalathini
thirty thelathini
thorn ba
thorn mba
thorn mwiba
thorns miiba
thorough uangalifu
thorough urudufu
those who
those prepare
those wandalizi
though hata
though hivyo
though ijapokuwa
thought dhana
thought fikira
thought fikra
thought gezo
thoughts mafikira
thoughts magezo
thoughts mawazo
thought wazo
thousand alfu
thousand elfu
thousands maelfu
thousands of
thousands hectors
thousands maelfu
thousands ya
thousands hekari
thousands vikwi
threat kitisho
threats vitisho
threat tishio
threat tisho
threat utisho
three tatu
throat koo
throne kiti
throne cha
throne enzi
throw kutupa
thud kishindo
thuds vishindo
thuggery ukora
thumb gumba
thumb kidole
thumb gumba
thunder radi
thursday alahamisi
thursday alhamisi
Thursday Alhamisi
Thursday ljuma
Tibetan kitibeti
ticket tiketi
tick kupe
tick mbung'o
tie funga
tiger chui-milia
tiger simba
tiger marara
Tigris Hidekeli
Tigris Tigri
tiller ujari
timber mbao
time mara
time muda
time mwia
time nafasi
time nyakati
time saa
timetable ratiba
time umri
time wakati
time wasaa
time zama
timing muda
timing wakaa
timing wakati
tin debe
tin mkebe
tins madebe
tins mikebe
tip bahashishi
tip kiinua
tip mgongo
tip ncha
tip over
tip kiinua
tip mgongo
titanium titani
Titan Titani
title deed
title hatimiliki
title mada
toad chula
toad chura
toast bread
toast tosti
tobacco hamamu
tobacco mtumbaku
tobacco pipe
tobacco kiko
tobaccos gana
tobacco tumbako
tobacco tumbaku
today leo
toddler chekechea
toe kidole
togetherness ushirika
together pamoja
Togolese Kitogo
Togolese Mtogo
Togolese Watogo
Togo Togo
toilet choo
toilet kibakuli
toilet cha
toilet choo
toilet msala
toilet paper
toilet karatasi
toilet ya
toilet choo
toilets viyo
toil usulubu
tokens matuzo
token tuzo
to ku-
to lie
to danganya
tomato mnyanya
tomato nyanya
tommorrow kesho
tomorrow kesho
tone kitone
tones vitone
Tongan Mtonga
Tongans Watonga
Tonga Tonga
tongs koleo
tongs makoleo
tongues ndimi
tongue ulimi
ton tani
tool chombo
tool kifaa
tool mtambo
tools mitambo
tools vyombo
toothbrush mswaki
tooth jino
toothless kibogoyo
tooth meno
topaz rangi
topaz ya
topaz topazi
topaz topazi
topaz yakuti
topaz manjano
top basha
top most
top pomoni
top of
top a
top wall
top kirugu
top up
top ujazo
torch kurunzi
torch mwenge
torch tochi
torment tesa
tornado tufani
tortoise kobe
total idadi
total jumla
touch dara
touch darana
touch gusa
toughness usugu
tough people
tough mashupavu
tough person
tough shupavu
tourism utalii
tourist mtalii
tourists watalii
tour talii
towels mataulo
towel taulo
tower mnara
town council
town baraza
town la
town mji
town mji
town mjini
towns miji
tractor trakta
tractor trekta
trade biashara
trader mfanyabiashara
traditional -a
traditional kidesturi
traditional kienyeji
tradition desturi
tradition itikadi
traditions mila
tradition tabia
tradition tamaduni
tradition utamaduni
traffic jam
traffic mfungamano
traffic wa
traffic magari
traffic police
traffic trafiki
tragedies mikasa
tragedy mkasa
train garimoshi
train gari
train moshi
trains magari
trains moshi
train treni
traitor msaliti
transformer kigeuzi
transformer mtambo
transformer wa
transformer transfoma
transformer transfoma
transgender msenge
translate fasiri
translate tafsiri
translation fasiri
translation tafsiri
translation tarjuma
translator mtarijimani
transportation usafiri
transport safirisha
transport uchukuzi
trap data
trap mtego
trapping utegaji
traps mitego
trap tega
trash taka
traumatize utaabishaji
traveler msafiri
traveller msafiri
traveller wasafiri
travel safari
travel safiri
tray uteo
treasure dafina
treasurer mweka
treasurer hazina
treasury hazina
treatment matibabu
tree kingfisher
tree kurea
tree kingfishers
tree makurea
tree mdimu
tree mti
tree mwembe
trees miti
trench handaki
trench kuo
trench mtaro
trend mwelekeo
trend mkuu
trend mwenendo
trends mielekeo
trends mikuu
trends mienendo
triangle pembe
triangle tatu
triangle sign
triangle alama
triangle ya
triangle pembe
triangle tatu
triangle signs
triangle alama
triangle za
triangle mapembe
triangle tatu
triangles mapembe
triangles tatu
tribalism ukabila
tribe kabila
tribes makabila
tribute kodi
trichotillomania trikotilomania
trident tridenti
trillion trilioni
Trinidad and
Trinidad Tobago
Trinidad Trinidadi
Trinidad na
Trinidad Tobago
Trinidad and
Trinidad Tobago
Trinidad Trinidad
Trinidad na
Trinidad Tobago
Trinidadian Mtrinidadi
Trinidadians Tobagans
Trinidadians Watrinidadi
Trinidadian Tobagan
Trinidadian Mtrinidadi
trinity utatu
Trinity utatu
tripping utelezi
trolley toroli
trombone tromboni
troop charo
troop kafila
troop kikosi
troop msafara
troops macharo
troops misafara
troops vikosi
troop vikosi
trophy kombe
troposphere tabakatropo
trouble maker
trouble mfitini
troublemaker mfitini
trouble masumbuko
trouble sumbua
trousers masuruali
trouser suruali
truck lori
true man
true mkweli
true men
true wakweli
trumpet tarumbeta
trump turufu
trunk buti
trust muamana
truth kinagaubaga
truth kweli
truth ukweli
try jaribu
tsar czar
tsetse chafuo
tsetse flies
tsetse machafuo
tsunami tsunami
Tswana Kitswana
tuba tuba
tube mrija
Tube mrija
tuberculosis kifaduro
tubes mirija
tube tyubu
tuesday jumanne
Tuesday Jumanne
tuft mavue
tugboat tishari
tuition masomo
tuition ya
tuition ziada
Tunisian Kitunisi
Tunisian Mtunisi
Tunisian Mtunisia
Tunisians Watunisia
Tunisia Tunisia
turban kilemba
turkey batamzinga
turkey bata
turkey mzinga
turkeys mabata
turkeys mzinga
Turkey uturuki
Turkey Uturuki
turkey vulture
turkey tai
turkey mzoga
Turkish Mturuki
Turkish Waturuki
Turkman Mturukimeni
Turkmenistan Turukimenistani
Turkmenistan Uturukimeni
Turkmen Kiturukimeni
Turkmen Mturukimeni
Turkmen Waturukimeni
Turk Mturuki
turmeric manjano
turmeric njano
turn geukia
turn zamu
turpentine terafini
turquoise feruzi
turquoise rangi
turquoise ya
turquoise feruzi
turtle dove
turtle hua
turtle kasa
turtle kobe
tusk pembe
tusk upamba
Tuvaluan Mtuvalu
Tuvaluans Watuvalu
Tuvalu Tuvalu
twelfth kumi
twelfth na
twelfth mbili
twelve thenashara
twentieth ishirini
twenty ishirini
twice dufu
twin pacha
twins pacha
two hundred
two miateini
two mbili
Tyap Kityap
tycoon mkwasi
type of
type a
type bird
type sigi
type of
type glue
type embwe
types of
types glue
types maembwe
typewriters mataipureta
typewriter taipureta
typhoon chamchela
typhoon kimbuga
typhoons vimbuga
typhoon taifuni
typist mpigataipu
tyre gurudumu
tyres magurudumu
tyre tairi
ubuntu utu
ugaly remains
ugaly makoroni
ugaly sima
Ugandan Kiganda
Ugandan Mganda
uganda uganda
Uganda Uganda
Ukraine Ukraini
Ukrainian Kikraini
Ukrainian Mkraini
Ukrainians Wakraini
ullulations vigelegele
ululation kigelegele
umbilical cord
umbilical kitovu
umbrella mwavuli
uncircumcised man
uncircumcised zunga
uncles place
uncles ujombani
understand elewa
understanding masikilizano
understanding masikizano
underwear chupi
undress kuvua
uneasy kimuyemuye
uneasyness wayowayo
uneasy wahaka
unequal witiri
unfair competion
unfair ushindani
unfair usio
unfair wa
unfair haki
unfolding utokezo
ungulate -enye
ungulate kwato
ungulate mnyama
ungulate mwenye
ungulate kwato
unicorn farasi-pembemoja
uniform sare
uniform yunifomu
union muungano
union shirikisho
unions miungano
union ushirikiano
unique kipekee
United Arab
United Emirates
United Falme
United za
United Kiarabu
united Arabia
united mungano
united wa
united milki
united ya
united kiarabu
United Nations
United Umoja
United wa
United Mataifa
United Republic
United of
United Tanzania
United Jamhuri
United ya
United Muungano
United wa
United Tanzania
United States
United of
United America
United Muungano
United wa
United Madola
United ya
United Amerika
unity umoja
universe ulimwengu
university chuo
university kikuu
unrest mzozo
unrest vurugu
unripe changa
up amka
up coming
up mchaniko
upcountry nyanja
up ingine
up juu
up kubali
up maliza
up mbali
up patikana
upper arm
upper mkono
uprightness wongofu
uprising mgogoro
uprisings migogoro
uproar chachawizo
uproars machachawizo
up simama
up tabamu
uranium urani
Uranus Uranu
Uranus Uranus
Uranus Yurenasi
Uranus Zohali
Urdu Kiurdu
urge hanjamu
urine mikojo
urine mkojo
Uruguayan Kirugwai
Uruguayan Mrugwai
Uruguayans Warugwai
Uruguay Urugwai
useful faida
use matumizi
user mlanguzi
user mtumiaji
user mtumizi
Usonia Marekani
Usonian Kimarekani
utterance tamko
utterrance kalima
uvula kilimi
Uzbekistan Uzibeki
Uzbekistan Uzibekistani
Uzbek Kizibeki
Uzbek Mzibeki
Uzbeks Wazibeki
vaccine chanjo
vacuum cleaner
vacuum kifyonzavumbi
vacuum cleaners
vacuum vifyonzavumbi
vacuum ombwe
vacuum uvurungu
vagina kuma
vagina uuke
valentine's day
valentine's siku
valentine's ya
valentine's wapenzi
valley bonde
valleys mabonde
value added
value tax
value kodi
value ya
value nyongeza
value dhamana
valueless hafifu
value thamana
value thamani
vampire mnyonya-damu
vampire mumiani
vampire vampiri
Vanuatuan Mvanuatu
Vanuatuans Wavanuatu
Vanuatu Vanuatu
varnish toweka
Vatican Mvatikani
Vaticans Wavatikani
vatican vatikani
Vatican vatikani
vegetable mboga
vegetable mmea
vehicle gari
veil pazia
veil shela
veil veli
vein mshipa
veins mishipa
velocity upesi
Venezuelan Kivenezuela
Venezuelan Mvenezuela
Venezuelans Wavenezuela
Venezuela Venezuela
venison nyama
venison ya
venison kulungu
Venus Venusi
venus zuhura
Venus Zuhura
verb kitenzi
verbs vitenzi
Verreaux's eagle
Verreaux's nderi
version insha
vervet monkey
vervet tumbili
Vesta Vesta
veteran mkale
vial chupa
vice jiriwa
victim mwadhiriwa
victory ushidi
victory ushindi
video filamu
videotape kideo
video video
Vietnamese Kivieti
Vietnamese Kivietinamu
Vietnamese Mvieti
Vietnamese Mvietinamu
Vietnamese Mvietnamu
Vietnamese Wavietnamu
Vietnam Uvieti
Vietnam Vietinamu
viewer mtazamaji
viewership utazamaji
viewers watazamaji
view maoni
view rai
Viking Mvikingi
village kijiji
villager mwanakijiji
villain mhalifu
vinegar siki
vine mzabibu
vine sabibu
viola viola
violin fidla
virgin bikira
virgin mwari
Virgo Mashuke
Virgo Sumbula
virus virusi
vise jiriwa
vision jazanda
vision kizuka
vision taswira
visit ajihi
visitor mgeni
visit zuru
vitamin vitamini
vocabularies misamiati
vocabulary misamiati
vocabulary msamiati
vocal mwimbaji
vocal vokali
vocation mwito
vocher vocha
vodka vodka
voice sauti
volcano volkano
volcano volkeno
volcano zaha
volleyball voliboli
vomit kutapika
vomit tapika
vomit utapishi
vote piga
vote kura
voter mpigakura
voters mpigakura
voters wapigakura
vowels irabu
vow nadhiri
Vulpecula Mbweha
vulture gushu
vulture tai
vulture tumbusi
vulturine guineafowl
vulturine kicheleko
vulva uke
wage mshahara
wage ujira
waist kiuno
waist let
waist anjali
waiter mhudumu
wake kuamka
wake kuamsha
waking up
waking early
waking rauka
Wales Welisi
walking stick
walking bakora
walking stick
walking mkongojo
walking stick
walking mkwaju
walking sticks
walking mikwaju
walk kirago
walk kutembea
walk mtembeo
walks mitembeo
walk tembea
wallet kipochi
wallets vipochi
wall kiambaza
wall kuta
walls kuta
wall ua
wall ukuta
walnut jozi
walnut mjozi
walrus walarasi
wander zurura
want taka
warbler kucha
warblers makucha
ward wodi
war ghazi
warm uvuguvugu
warn ashiria
warning ilani
warning onyo
warship manowari
wars mighazi
war song
war zumo
warthog ngiri
war vita
wash clothes
wash fua
wash fua
Washington D
Washington C
Washington Washington
Washington D
Washington C
wash nawa
wash oga
wash osha
waste bwambwara
waste kachara
waste vuja
watch kesha
watch kutazama
watchman bawabu
watchman mabawabu
watchman mlinzi
watchmen mabawabu
watchmen walinzi
waterbuck kuro
waterbuck ndogoro
waterbucks makuro
waterfall maanguko
water lily
water yungiyungi
waterlily yungiyungi
water maji
watermelon mtikiti
water melons
water matikiti
water melon
water tikiti
watermelon tikiti
wavelength safa
waves mawimbi
wave wimbi
wax nta
way mamna
way mbinu
way njia
weak dhalili
weaken dhii
weakness ajizi
wealth rasilmali
wealth utajiri
weapon silaha
weapons silaha
weapons vilaha
weapon vilaha
wear kuvaa
weather forecast
weather utabiri
weather wa
weather hali
weather ya
weather anga
weather hali
weather ya
weather hewa
website tovuti
website tuvuti
wedding arusi
wedding ceremonies
wedding sherehe
wedding za
wedding harusi
wedding ceremony
wedding sherehe
wedding ya
wedding harusi
wedding harusi
wedding nikahi
wednesday jumatano
Wednesday Jumatano
weed gugu
weeding paliza
weed kwekwe
weeds magugu
weekend mwishoni
weekend mwa
weekend wiki
weekends mawikendi
weekend wikendi
week juma
week wiki
weighing machine
weighing mizani
weight uzani
welcome karibisha
welcome karibu
well kisima
well-known maalum
werebear mtu-dubu
werewolf mtu-mbwa
werewolf nusumbwa
we sisi
West Africa
West Afrika
West ya
West Magharibi
Western Europe
Western Ulaya
Western ya
Western Magharibi
Western Saharan
Western Msahara
Western Saharan
Western Wasahara
Western Sahara
Western Sahara
Western Magharibi
Western Wall
Western Ukuta
Western wa
Western Maombolezo
west magharibi
west magiribi
wet unyevu
whale kinengwe
whale nyangumi
whales vinengwe
what is
what your
what name
what jina
what lako
what nani
what languages
what do
what you
what speak
what unaongea
what lugha
what zipi
what time
what is
what it
what ni
what saa
what ngapi
wheat flour
wheat unga
wheat wa
wheat ngano
wheat mtama
wheat ngano
wheat rangi
wheat ya
wheat ngano
wheelbarrow ngolofimo
wheel gurudumu
when lini
where are
where you
where from
where unatoka
where wapi
where is
where the
where toilet
where choo
where kiko
where wapi
where wapi
whetstone suguo
whip kambaa
whip mjeledi
whiskey wiski
whisky wiski
whistle filimbi
whistle firimbi
whistle kipenga
whistle nai
whistles vipenga
white blood
white cell
white seli
white nyeupe
white ya
white damu
whitecurrant mtunda
whitecurrant bukini
whitecurrant mweupe
whitecurrant tunda
whitecurrant bukini
whitecurrant jeupe
white eupe
White House
White Nyumba
White Nyeupe
white man
white mzungu
white mzungu
white nyeupe
white settler
white kaburu
white weupe
whole ote
whole zima
whooping cough
whooping kifaduro
whore kahaba
whore malaya
why kwaje
why mbona
wicked baya
wickedness ubaya
wickedness uovu
wickedness uwi
wicks tambi
wick ukope
wick utambi
wide pana
widow mjane
widow ujane
widow wajane
width mpana
width upana
wife ahali
wife mke
wig wigi
Wikipedia Wikipedia
Wiktionary Wikamusi
wild animal
wild mnyama
wild wa
wild porini
wild boar
wild jivi
wild cat
wild chakapu
wild cat
wild kimburu
wild cats
wild machakapu
wild cats
wild vimburu
wild cat
wild togwa
wilderness mwitu
wilderness pori
wild turkey
wild kalkon
willow mierebi
willow mwerebi
will -ta-
will usia
will wasia
will wosia
wilt susuwaa
win bwaga
winches maslingi
winch krini
winch slingi
window dirisha
windows madirisha
wind upepo
wine divai
wine mvinyo
wing bawa
winged -enye
winged mabawa
wing ubawa
winner mshindi
winner shindi
winners washindi
winnower ungo
winter kipindi
winter cha
winter baridi
winter kipupwe
winter majira
winter ya
winter baridi
wintry -a
wintry baridi
wintry sana
wire waya
wisdom busara
wisdom falsafa
wisdom hekima
wisdom maarifa
wisdom mwanafalsafa
wise staarabu
witchcraft kago
witchcraft ndumba
witchcraft uchawi
witchcraft uganga
witchcraft urogi
witchcraft usinga
witch doctor
witch mganga
witchdoctor mganga
witchdoctors waganga
witches wachawi
witch mchawi
withdrawal utoaji
wither kauka
with na
witness shahidi
wizard mchawi
wolf -akia
Wolfgang Wolfgang
wolf -la
wolf mbwa
wolf mwitu
wolf -sakata
wolfsbane sumu
wolfsbane ya
wolfsbane mbwa-mwitu
Wolof Kiwolofu
Wolof Mwolofu
wolverine fisi-milima
wolverine wolverini
womanhood uke
woman mwanamke
wombat wombati
womb tumbo
womb uzazi
women wanawake
wonder ajabu
wonderland nchi
wonderland ya
wonderland ajabu
wonder maajabu
wonders maajabu
wonder staajabu
wooden bridge
wooden kantara
wooden cooking
wooden spoon
wooden mkamshi
wooden cooking
wooden spoons
wooden mikamshi
wood fibre
wood kunge
woodpecker kigong'ota
wool sufu
word neno
word of
word god
word lnjili
words maneno
work cloth
work demu
worker mfanyakazi
work kazi
work kufanya
work kazi
workshop karakana
world cup
world kombe
world la
world dunia
world cups
world vikombe
world vya
world dunia
worm minyoo
worry babaika
worry dukuduku
worry wasiwasi
worship abudu
worship ibada
worth dhamana
worth dhamani
worthless person
worthless dude
wounded majeruhi
wound jeraha
wound jereha
wound kidonda
wounds vidonda
wound vimbe
wrangles mavutano
wrangle uvutano
wrath ghadhabu
wreath taji
wreath la
wreath maua
wrecklessness upurukushani
wrestling mieleka
wrestling miereka
wrinkle kunyanzi
wrinkles makunyanzi
write andika
write kuandika
writer mwandishi
writing andiko
writing maandiko
writing maandishi
writing mwandiko
writtings maandiko
writtings miandiko
Xhosa Kixhosa
Xhosa Mxhosa
xylophone marimba
xylophone ya
xylophone kizungu
xylophone zilofoni
yam nduma
Yangtze Yangtze
Yaound Yaounde
yard yadi
yawn -enda
yawn miayo
yawn miayo
yawn -piga
yawn miayo
year mwaka
years miaka
yeast bread
yeast mikate
yeast ya
yeast wishwa
yeast bread
yeast mkate
yeast wa
yeast wishwa
yeast hamira
yellow fever
yellow homa
yellow ya
yellow manjano
yellow manjano
Yemeni Myamani
Yemenis Wayamani
Yemen Yaman
Yemen Yemen
Yerevan Yerevan
yes-man ndiyo-mtu
yes ndiyo
yes-no question
yes-no ndiyo-hakuna
yes-no swali
yesterday jana
yogurt maziwa
yogurt ya
yogurt mgando
yoke nira
Yoruba Kiyoruba
young changa
young dogo
you ninyi
your dad
your babio
your enu
you're welcome
you're karibu
yourn miayo
yours wako
youth chipukizi
youth kijana
youth ujana
youth vijana
you wewe
Zambian Kizambia
Zambian Mzambia
Zambians Wazambia
Zambia Zambia
Zanzibar Unguja
zeal kakamia
zeal mbwembwe
zeal raghba
zebra pundamilia
zebra punda
zebra milia
zebra punda
zebra mlia
Zechariah Zakariya
zero bila
zero sifuri
zero ziro
Zeus Zeu
zigzag zigizagi
Zimbabwean Kizimbabwe
Zimbabwean Mzimbabwe
Zimbabweans Wazimbabwe
zimbabwe zimbabwe
Zimbabwe Zimbabwe
zinc zinki
zither ganuni
zorille kicheche
Zulu Kizulu
Zulu Mzulu
